rt huge ass, small waist okay face bitches really think they famous
where the bad bitches at? lol
i know these bitches did not leave me, again.
i love bad bitches that my fucking problem....
rt rt how side bitches be when you pick them up in daylight hours
rt niggas with face tats are the same ones that stole your animal crackers in elementary smh they just dont give a fuck
rt i'm not giving these hoes free meals so they can go lay up with the dude they can't get over. nope.
all i ask for is love n loyalty. nothing else. no arguing over other bitches/niggas no he say she say no social media bs... just love
should check it he was secretly converted to islam by saddamn houssein in late 's. he often says allah akbar
dem philly niggas b so great at that dressing them some fly niggas they make everything they put on look great
depends how we define race? i still don't know what the fuck race means. for instance, not all ppl look alike.
lol i hate when females say all niggas alike...not tru
not all white people are alike some are just born fucked up.
i literally hate this generation. yall lame like damn... everybody all act alike it's annoying
wallahi i only love the muslims for the sake of allah and i hate for them what i hate for myself so i advise everyone and myself firstly
trump respect is wtf standing like a nazi hating america and the world he is a insult to americans a fool
either you for traditional roles or you not you can't mix and match to whatever benefits you. corny ass ashy hoes
if you see me today...:i'm not matching :i'm not sweating, it's baby oil wanna look like you ashy bastards).
ju hand bout ashy as shit
you're mad cause you're a whole goofy and you got straight crowned like the ashy laker lover you
when you fuck darkskin girls in the winter time they ass cheeks be ashy as hell
you fuckin nerd
okay now if your black timbs ashy don't wear them tf, not even black them shits shadow grey
you ever got a nude from a girl with a ashy booty?! lmaooooooll
hold up i guess i gotta go beat somebody's ass
if you ain't for letting a chick stack all her money while u break yo back to pay the bills you . broke boi . call center worker . ashy
he can be such a sneaky little bastard, but bless, i heart him.
merry fucking christmas, santa! you bastard... now playing on ad: i want for xmas is to kick your ass!"
absolute bastard!
you big bastard, just throw some wine or vodka in my stocking so i can forget how much i've spent... sincerely, moms
nothing says a fat bastard" like wearing a tshirt in a swimming pool.
happy birthday to the craziest bastard i know make sure you don't threaten to kick a cops ass tonight
bastard i told you not to screenshot out of context now one for you...
shame can go to hell a supplied a illegal gun to terrorist in now you free evil bastard young my ass
yo gotti is a rat bastard for that dm song.
i really want to know carol's maiden name, i don't like that we only know her as that bastard's name
fr like don't get mad now lol. i would a been field goal kicked that lil bastard idc.
you're a bastard.
didn't give you money this year farrell" yeah that's coz the cheap bastard spent on a fucking lynx set
u get with me' don't want a boyfriend haha sorry' fuck ya then' hahahahaha poor little
big hard bastard..what a wanker
leaving the best way, a heartless, lonely bastard of my mother)
me million other real americans are looking forward to seeing you in hell with your stinkin' ass on fire!!! you racist bastard!!!
you tell me bastard which country am i showing you?
i've reached the conclusion that this is impossible to respond to. i should have staked the bastard. next best thing, then...
serves you right you commie bastard
u racist bastard
four bastard sacks of recycling later and i've finally rid the flat of all prechristmas cardboard boxes and shizzle.
thank you for follow and congratulations on having you two hobbies as your name. is bastard clever
don't approach me with static. i let it fly like showing kobe the basket! bastard! you can quote me on that shit!"
jammy bastard enjoy lol hh
it'll be online hahaha silly bastard on it
not a single thing, you old, judgmental bastard
found your heart, you bastard.
happy, and sad all at same time, congrats, and bastard how could you? oh yeah, million, that's how!!!
right? lazy bastard.
look at this little bastard
bastard"
whatever ya bastard
you greedy bastard! share the goodness!
i figured it out eventually/ this lil bastard at school
roll on th may no more bastard psychology
lil strong bastard
ironic bastard that he is.
chaps my ass we can't take down a couple rogue paid militants yet rather us bend over take it by disarming peaceful humans..
she can bend over and grab her ankles, bill taught her well.
whenever hurricane katrina came by we picked up a lot of blacks from louisiana. there is section apts now.
when i asked the nurse why they take more blood from blacks vs others. she was a black nurse. she gave me a know damn why" face
you raised your white cheerleader daughter all so she can get fucked by blacks lol
he's by far the worst of a bad bunch, but they're all fucking deranged assholes who hate women, blacks and gays. fuck them all.
blacks who try to act like white people are the worst
how about blacks parents don't want white teachers with guns around their kids. racist rapist cops are enough
no, you think i'm prettier and better. that's a fucked up mentality. i think i struggle just like every one of us blacks
as justice declared blacks to be mentally inferior. he must recuse himself when adjudicating black litigants.
bullshit no justice for the system is so fucked and how many more of our people blacks got to die or get treated so poorly
as much as necessary bills cost, i don't even see how people, especially blacks, can afford to put money on an inmate's books.
these hollywood token blacks must just do us all a favour and stfu. all they spew is contradictory statements.....
miteaswell be fucked up for christmas
get a partner who won't let you quit.....and ain't a bum ass person themselves

once i hook up my new pc im going to be playing tons of cod online against little chinks
but it shouldn't be where is tho you walk in the chinks they already know what you want
the chinks got put up on game. state paying on vouchers. they prefer section er's. if you aint on it you assed out nowadays
lmao be full of chinks who don't even know offside rule an only balls they wanna know bout is the knackers
i'm about to start going back to miracle brows or mark anthony for my eye brows because these chinks keep fucking me
where are my chinks?
chinks deliver in any type of weather
church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour: infogathering hit by shortage of
lol what chinks
i wonder who prince will look like more. i just know he'll have chinks eye shape.
good riddance fucking chinks
look better than the
why are every single one of these chinks?
church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour infogathering hit by shortage
think your brave? take a poop at chinks, then you can say your brave.
excellent! as you may know, schmuck is an effective, nasty schlong, while putz is an ineffective one.
i heard there's some awesome street art in berlin, like banksy's famous chucker".
thinkin right now bout all this rapper all ma favorite niggas and i can asociate it with pure power and maybe life control invest in
my fucking cousin cracks me up
iraqi army cracks me the fuck up lol
scotty fucking t never leave cracks me up to another level
this is the harry yall said was snortin coke out people's ass cracks and shit huh
dungeon crawling in ff is so fun but creepy ass zombie gnomes crawl through the cracks of the wall i gtg
thought dirty mackin was a joke niggas really do that?
rj had seven dirty cups in his room. wtffuucccck how do you even?!?!
christian my fucking you've had like towns and city's near you! dirty
lmao this dirty white boy has flo rida low as his ringtone
dizz has a pornstar dick and charli is gorgeous as fuck. ok guess i got the shit end of the stick.
movie theaters are the fucking worst
take a shower dirty whore lmao
you're a middle schooler why are you giving us high schoolers a dirty ass look
some of y'all hoes disgust me
people who maintain healthy eating living at christmas disgust me. it's the festive season for fuck sake get a few mince pies in ya gob
i'm finally to the point where you actually disgust me.
schlongs or dyke....or president jarrett
let's just say dyke* because it goes both ways.
still no mills clogs or dyke on my new tablet but look these are new
exploitation humor featuring a group of psychotic lesbians.
no baby dyke on my tl shall prosper develations :
most dyke hair be so nice
dyke be funny as hell
lol fat dyke
dykelesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?...
dykelesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?...
old school dyke just wanna be niggas who wear basketball shorts as boxers. dass all
looking for serious dating. dyke bop deployable democratizes bitchy jan." who's jan?
they said she been hanging around dyke lately and joseline did eat it so i'm not surprised if it's true
some y'all dyke out there wayyy to conceited for no damn reason hahha
dykelesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?...
new school dyke
lmfao i don't get how dyke call other dyke dyke" when all y'all look like little boys
there was only three crews you could rock with back then heartbreakers fgc, or whitetee that's it.. all the other dyke was washed
i like all types of lesbians jus not the
but the baby dyke was kicking it tho
im still not sure if i'm supposed to call fags and dyke
all the dyke taking construction jobs from niggas
almost all these dyke gettin fucked"
i'm literally starving but i can't eat until my fucking orthodontist appointment ends which is gonna take at least another half an hour help
hell yea i just hope i don't get ur scope notifications all late and shit like when it ends.
they don't u faggot, they aren't even together anymore
pandorasissy: my new site pandora sissy love xoxoxo smallclitsissy@ymail.com
alex: emo stranger: you faggot!!wanna go outside?!" alex:"
at your own stupidity?
black ops kids are such faggots im so done
these fucking faggots are awful!!!! lololol
rs is for faggots
next generation cuckservatives will speak reverently of trump the way they do of reagan today. reagan would have hated you faggots.
faggots folllow@me i dont owe any of you shit if we arent mutuals
people are faggots. dont give them attention; it defeats them more than a roast does.
faggots
bunch of slack jawed faggots around here!
i've seen you two bench so don't pipe up
heres the best kimoji faggots
a meth lab faggots*
faggots?
these faggots look like they ate out smurfs
i thrive off winding up faggots and feminists on twitter
give me my money you fucking faggots
fellow faggots away from fam
i love your originality faggots
fuckin faggots lmao
these punk ass lil faggots never fail to surprise me when they magically grow a pair of balls n talk reckless over the feed.
fuck, i hope this pic was photoshopped because it wasn't these faggots are not going to hell....
has been one hell of a ride, but i'm glad i got these faggots in my corner at all times. i love y'all.
women that support and enable antichrist politicians, parties, faggots, femcunts, etc. deserve bills"
bad bitches cuz they like bad bitches too* hood faggots with a bad attitude*
most of you are circle jerking faggots tbh.
yall cant even spell and you expect us to believe you can do that ha fags
no goofies no fashion fags
rebel fags get out reeeeeeee
all my friends are fags
we had a blast being fags
yall fags hot wings all day
can u fags just come play we need
smoked aboot . fags the nigjt
none of these fags
since when did a deck of fags reduce to ?! robbing twats
fags
smh friends with a bunch of fags
you and can call me on so i can drain that bank of yours.
goodnight fags
new fags
right... and when you guys did it it to other fags on twitter it was ayyok right lmao
was i the only one uncomfortable with how miss philippines boobs were flopping all over the stage or
enjoy august's first week sales as well, may i throw in how bad trey's last shit is flopping or should i stop?
holy shit i thought i was flopping
dick has been flopping around on tv all year
dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d at
dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d
dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d
dick has been flopping around on tv all year is
dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d
dick has been flopping around on tv all year
this so forced and nasty. hate niggas like this.
didn't you wash the dishes today? you were home all day" because i didn't fucking eat today and i was forced to stay home
kevin gates lyricism as a trap rapper gets overlooked by y'all because he eat the booty and fuck his cousin from time to time
yoichi would platonically suck yuu's dick. no homo my dude, just a brojob, bro.
the expression homo' is so funny it literally means man'
ben please love me, but no homo
the best version of santa baby is the no homo version by michael
ahhh i see i thought you meant fe:a yaaas the next game has homo relationships and i'm still screaming me big fan too
i heard the next one you can be actual homo my roommate is big fan
homo, drugs, pain
sparky mixing up home and homo
lool yeh she is a model that i know and she came down to show so of that homo support on my movement.
moans*
i love and respect you no homo but for christmas go talk to the gym girl actually when you can see her again go talk to her
when ur no homo bro has ur back
bro yes homo
if you ain't in favour of boots on the ground you hate america, hate israel and are unpatriotic. oh, and most likely a communist.
there was an underlying pressure that if i didn't participate i was some how homo and i felt they were homos for wanting this.
reuben from the german yaoidouji homo" by yaa
paul nye the science homo.
ryan giggs ain't ready yet. if zinedine zidane ain't ready, then giggsy should just hold his fucking horses
everyones a fucking hypocrite
i avoid royal pr, didn't watch it. if so, what a fucking hypocrite! unfollowed
you are such a fucking hypocrite!
ur inbred
proof you inbred fuck
inbred labor imbecile very pissed off about labor
you may even see some of the inbred bishop lot
fuck up ya inbred
inbred cruel arsehole.
that guy was a fucking inbred
who the fukh says this about their own flesh and blood is he a fan of inbreeding too the inbred twat.
drug addled inbred labor voter your fair share labor
all inbred there" oh right dad ok
i'll kill his inbred ass
fucking repost the video you fucking inbred cunts i didn't see it this is so homophobic
tell him he's gotta be inbred if he doesn't think j no is the truth. are the statistics and tape not enough evidence??
idiots missed the any lady here on twitter who will have a realition with on her own free will?
u prob dont own a passport let alone have the right to comment on shit u know nothing of u inbred pos
and can't exactly hear sarcasm, or know if it's a joke from text you inbred, do you live in alabama or some shit lol.
what's wrong with aids prevention, you inbred halfwits
no just stop you jew
what type of friend forces you to fuck someone smh where y'all bitches morals at?
early night for me spoil me while i'm away also rt follow i need more sissy losers chastity sluts
what a bunch of fucking losers
are we gonna wear name tags? outside of giant jer dont know what the fuck you losers look like
fuck u niggas y'all thought j was being srs bout my main chicks name losers
poor fucking mikey, right??
and answer ur dms loser
big dick
i mind getting slagged when i was a wee guy for liking music". same cunts are aw slebberin' er drake and his like now.
send for u shitty
how long can i surf liveleak without seeing the word
jews don't eat gmo, but they make it. here's how you can easily avoid gmo.:
now y'all love him....he was after that cardinals
probably because they're niggers.
my good up credit and y bands ah run it up i don't wait for niggers to give me allowance like
so much cloth even the starving niggers would tire of eating it
all you niggers stalking my twitter. hop off. niggas tryna catch the hands
over % of violent crime...niggers and spics...true story!
john thinks protestors are for niggers). is this ok?
are we expecting lots of niggers?
white niggers' uhhh?
yes i mean niggers
niggers can say a gangster and a thug" and there peers will still respect them. white folks cant do that cause more is expected from us.
all niggers beware
wow really?... did you really just say
i read that normally till it got to the part, i read that in a texas accent. your a racist for that theory

actions, not data. have them niggers voting democratic for the next years" lbj. if ura democrat, i feel sorry u
i open only for real thug
this man keeps calling us niggers
niggers wanted to go home so quickly after dinner like we've got girlfriends waiting for us at the crib
i don't like niggers in my mentions get out
holy shit that's a niggers hand
sense niggers dodge me like durango
mines niggers
a shit ton pal
you're all acting lit your best pal has mugged you right off, when in reality its fuck all like that
droids are the queers of the galaxy.
half these wenger out dickheads are just queers for pep's vnecks imo
some guys are such queers that it actually hurts me every time i hear them talk
i love being forced into a coowned twitter account about fave queers that i'll have to remember to keep up thanks
turn it back on u queers
so if fan service in films is can we get some love for fandom that queers and race and gender bends mainstream narratives please?
christmas is for queers.
it either goes both ways or it doesn't. either you're a free speech absolutionist or you're not. up you queers" is not a position
queers of a feather flock together
like pls stop tweeting him and sending the t cast crap. they have queers and poc and no triangles. don't ruin it.
i never wanted to be an activist. i just wanted to live without being insulted by straights queers on a daily basis. i just wanna be me.
maybe there will be visible queers in space?
all the words! for spain! i mean queers. sorry, columbus'd that one a bit.
fuck those queers it's all about the vampires
also read some fun facts about gypsies and queers.
mosh is for queers
watch out for your corn hole. a lot of serious queers in nashville. you know what to do with the pinky
she bashes queers and apoligizes for sexual harassment and rape as an trainee
hyporcrits who bash queers but pretend to be about lgbt if it pisses the gop off. rape culture fans etc
and are the biggest queers i know.. making christmas cookies together like..
where are all the cool jhb queers? please come visit and i. we're really nice black label loving humans.
nice one! or are we now blaming queers for looking too
my info was put out a long time ago. uzbek is just a bigoted bully. she attacks queers
one month back in dallas i've been absorbed into a crew of rad queers bc life is cc
fda lifts blood donation ban on queers if they've been abstinent for a year. so basically, the ban stays in place. well played fda.
i need to find his steers and queers tweet
ill ride my boat to wherever u r in the ocean and whack that ass w my oar
what? that he wants to rebuild the military and help the vets? otherwise, wtf r u talking about?
no, i mean radical as in not shit.
if i seen that shit i would have boycotted prom
lmfao so did everyone's grades shit on mine this semester? awesome. radical. epic. splendiferous. euphoric.
what do you get when you see bill cosby in doublevision? raped.
yo site just got raped
kane raped george lucas
tell that to a person who got raped, you insensitive asshole.
everyone thought this girl was lying about being raped u...
boy, , raped his sleeping mother
the difference between rapped and raped is very large n i should remember how to spell
what you get me for christmas" nothing, fuck you, eat a dick, santa raped mommy
watch the scene matt drudge thought was leonardo dicaprio being raped by a bear
matters more about her, because she was fucking raped then now fucked again by the man you call a husband, then you
greg says trumps yiddish slang sexism not presidential wild bill clinton raped monica cigarsex in oral office!
rape in the name of religion.. when god gets the butt hole drill team. unit after ya'll asses.. going to become born again saints.
i know more than you because i am not constricted hypnotized and ruled by a stupid religion and an imaginary god
i fucking hate homophobes. if two people are happy together you have no fucking right to break them up because of your morals or religion
you know im on some balla shit im true to my religion
how tf am i supposed to get the sand out of the cut dkajsgsw
have sand i could throw shit at your jk
jar jar: she's hot, yes? anakin: first girl i've seen that wasn't a sand beggar padme: lol little man tryna get his pee pee wet
and all these elephants are slaughtered for a chinese market. these people are fucking savages.
government offers antirape classes instead of throwing the savages out. typical liberal nonthinking. go norway!
girls are fucking savages
a lot of pressure when your lady pays the bills bruh. got to eat ass just to keep the savages away from your door. stressful
hold on to genuine females... cuz deez bitches r savages nowadays man
hhhhhhh it's one of the british slang term dick in erection
greg says trumps yiddish slang sexism not presidential wild bill clinton raped monica cigarsex in oral office!
i hate the shieva with a burning passion
i want to slaughter this pos. i won't, but i want to. he should be charged with and in jail.
goddess cocony sit on her sublime m while a slave kiss divine bmw pedals and her imperial feet
but what will not happen is i will not slave and overwork myself to give someone to accepts handouts for a living my shit.
i've been called i'm hispanic, i've been called lover" cause my cousins are black. what makes us different from y'all?
pbs? you are dense. even for a spic, dense as fuck
the bastard that done this should be fucking strung up.
felt like a champ when i killed my first wild hog. strung that mfer up and bled his ass lol.
yes but u can be fabulous without being a highly strung
naughty mr wilkinson, id get strung up for that, its wrapped, ribboned sealed with a kiss or my balls on the line
he was strung out like shit walkin around in that robe
my legs were supposed to be wrapped up like cooked seaweed strung around a coke dealer's face to ride the ferris wheel.
i see you're being a terrorist
and for you every brit who is also muslim is a terrorist?
made a savage war: hundreds of thousands of tortured/mutilated corpses
dumbass muzzrat terrorists wearing green in winter snow.
buy pairs of sheer pantyhose; one pair to wear see the panties through, one i would tie you up with, one i would gag you
you take your bae on a date to club where they gotta tie up your durag for entry fuuuuuuuckkkkkk man kodksnsiaalzbx
toms asking siri how you say is fat' in french.. fucking arsehole
i've been looking for some of that old toms because that shit is bomb but im down
i liked a video i throw in the f#%king towel!! mario maker]
the fucking elotero is outside and im in a towel alv
girl sumn' like a wallet, we use that shit then it's done with"
my mom just called me a wetback
i feel like i could've got called a beaner/wetback on call of duty by one of them dudes
riverboat wetback is his name, get it str
just found out my family has a big ass painting in the mission
as a wetback, i remain baffled who the fuck made the barenaked ladies
loud wetback amateur working a black at work for good pay
wetback mountain dew.
bill kristol.. you!! the wetback and prostitute of rino gop! you need followers to start a new party.
bill kristol.. you!! the wetback and prostitute of rino gop! you need followers to start a new party. the weekly...
i'm not a wetback
r u mad wetback?/.\
all of the sudden you wetback
what's almost as cool as watching the eagles beat the wetbacks? checking out civil discord at the tailgate before the game!!
compare to wetbacks yeah..
terrorists and wetbacks do an scene before the trump towers... nobody gives a shit about...
i feel you, they don't know the brown or black man struggle. but quick to call us niggers" and say we are bad.
i bet they're texting each other calling us wetbacks and beaners rn lmao
we give mexico millions of greenbacks they give us millions of wetbacks. trump will take foreign aid money.
today: wetbacks. tomorrow: the jews
wetbacks are pisssed!!
gigs holler's wetbacks unfriendly razzed flopping cicada cecil
imagine,with trump the poorch mooches who vote for a living might get hungry enough to take the jobs the wetbacks leave heading south!
lol i guess they overlooked the cardinals for the wetbacks.
last night proved that black people can have no multi racial coalitions. it's fuck wetbacks, spics, camel jockeys, chinks,
really? you need yard work this badly? rino rubio flooding america with wetbacks.
see i have no privacy living around these wetbacks
after he becomes fuhrer we can use the cannon to mexican wetbacks.
so? i love mexican food. that doesn't mean i want my country full of wetbacks.
mexican wetbacks like oraleeee
you don't. that's their baggage. fwiw some of us white folk get tired attacked) for calling whites out on their privilege
well i got them cause i wanted white ones but now that i think of it the whites would get so fucked up so its gucci
antiwhites make excuse after excuse to justify forcing white kids into
other whites are not asked to do the same thing?" majority of mass shootings are committed by american white males.
antiwhites don't want control". they want global
when motorcycle bomber was not muslim, though trump knows they r all muslims or hispanics or could be black ppl never whites
it's good to know you're completely bigoted against muslims. islam being one of the abrahamic religions. read a book.
people swear they own the fukin train. like move over and let other ppl in instead of giving them a dirty look mofo. foh
a dirty shower
you should be, you racists lose your mind at the though of a dirty arab being better.
you smell like a dirty hippie go shave your balls! jk. i love youuu!!
i'm a dirty whore~
retweet if you want a girl who's a dirty sign up
fuck a dirty mirror.
im a dirty girl wanna see me in cam x
almost as vulgar as calling sarah palin a teabagger, isn't it? sucks, doesn't it?
almost as vulgar as calling sarah palin a teabagger, eh?
almost as vulgar as calling sarah palin a teabagger, eh?
but calling sarah palin a teabagger is funny, right?
if you don't want to be called a teabagger......
when stupid people don't know they're stupid a guide to being a teabagger.
yeah dude, i dont have a teabagger, like i said, they are all lying sacks of shit.
if you support their racist, sexist, homophobic ideology, you're a teabagger. you are as ignorant as they are
obama was a teabagger in college before there was ever a tea party. go crawl back into your shithole. pi
million economically inactive ppl in the uk dave. you are a loser and a teabagger. stop with your lies and spin u mug.
tonight was the equivalent of launching a teabaggerlike within the democratic party.
william is a teabagger working as a concern troll.
raphael kruz aka ted cruz is a teabagger and a wanna be confederate ideologue hates anyone who is not white hispanic
raphael kruz aka ted cruz is a teabagger and a wanna be confederate ideologue hates anyone who is not white hispanic
i know what you mean. one time i was incinerating a teabagger and his every response was a meme. infuriating
cruz is a teabagger...
just found out he's a teabagger, and i can't have a teabagging president"
what? a teabagger who won't genuinely engage?! shocker.
never has been a
my favorite thing is that the old ladies here all look super sweet but if you talk to them they're actually sarcastic assholes
why do they all look adorable apart from namjoon who is lowkey tryna fuck
shit! i'm not racist, these people really do all look alike!"
yo my naggiez you dont have to fight let all look at hot sexy boob!
y'all look old as fuck
lol, y'all niggers are savage outchea the fresher the better
y'all niggers weird
yeah cause out of all niggers i would choose to be a country one
so nothing is wrong with that lol most of y'all niggers wana use females for your sex toys.
love y'all niggers too
you're all niggers get off my tl
gotta mute love and hip hop y'all niggers get mad corny when it's on.
same y'all niggers need to stop ruining my shopping
colombia has one of the largest populations of black people in south america. i guess y'all niggers too.
tf y'all niggers at?
vast majority of slaves went to colombia and the rest of south america. they're all
exactly we all niggers to the white man
and you know south americans think blacks in the u.s. are all anyway. jesus. they racism gonna fly so this evening.
watch this they're just all niggers"
y'all niggers gotta stop lying to your women
all niggers
yes, yes, i'm still here. how y'all niggers doing?
y'all niggers be the ones making these creatures feel special
wow penny not all niggers are the same
any of y'all niggers online?
never have i spoken to someone longer than hours. but y'all niggers don't even know.. hours record.
y'all niggers stop with summer and get y'all some white winter
can't wait to have an all white four door jeep parked in the drive way of my big ass house lmao
how is blackie a storm trooper arent they all white
that one friend is beau! see. you always blame shit on me and it's never true.
u can always blame the gop pedophiles that passed those sinful laws of no taxation, making the unborn fetuses take it in the assever
don't always blame people for my white privilege but when i do i blame my mother." barack hussein obama
apartheid apartheid.. blah blah.. fuck a duck you cunts! always blame apartheid.. when everyhing is gone,what then?
bitches in the mall always fuck up my eyebrows im done goin there
i fucked up, i always fuck up.
always fuck things up.. nice one olly
im actually not bad at doing my nails im just too impatient to wait for them to dry so they always fuck up
always fuck with those who fuck you up when you haven't make it is gonna ring a bell in their mind. lol what matters is u counting
i always fuck things up and by things i mean my relationships with people but this doesn't make me a bad person. or it kinda does idk
i always fuck up the good things
i always fuck my own shit up.
people will always fuck you over.
i literally always fuck up
always fuck boys
why does my always fuck up
she said she love me cus i always fuck ha brains out
i always fuck everything up lmao
no matter how hard you try things will never be the same and the past will always fuck with shit now.
how do i manage to always fuck the good things up
why guys dey always fuck up for almost all your music videos
when you don't respond they think you pussy, well i always fuck back
i'm a piece is shit right i always fuck everything up
i always fuck around and run it up
me: a small stain on the table* mom: yall always fuck up my shit i cant have nothing merry christmas to me
lol ikr but always fuck greenville
always fuck everything up just
i'll always fuck with a new year's resolution. people really be mad that someone is going to try and attempt to be better
i always fuck up everything and im sorry
they always fuck me up one direction
i always fuck up something that's so good for me.
you always fuck up my mood
am i ever gonna do anything right in my life or just always fuck up
i always fuck up
i would hang out with friends but i usually always fuck with myself soooo.
i feel like america doesn't know how to learn from its history and that's where we always fuck up. the only way to improve is to learn.
she said she love me cus i always fuck her brains out.
me and alex literally always fuck up so much when we're together
ugh i hate them. they always fuck with me
i hate getting my hair trimmed they always fuck it up...
never get close too people. cause in the end they always fuck you over.
you know you always fuck up when you have absolutely no one to turn to
i always fuck things up.
i always fuck around and spend my money on food
always fuck it up somehow ha
swear to god i always fuck up everything
i wanna see people make it in life...but they always fuck up when they start falling for me smh
our gingerbread house raw this year, we always fuck it up every
i always fuck up good things.
i always fuck everything up and thats why i stay single
i always fuck up, it never fails
you always fuck around, you always send the wrong place
yall always fuck up during the holidays. aint hurting my pockets tho
i always fuck everything up for myself
and beat the bookies, merry christmas!!!!
no my mom would laugh and beat my ass
i just wanna get home and beat my wife
when i'm driving and this lady almost hits me. fucking hit me and i'll pull your ass out the car and beat the shit out of you!
if there was a time machine i'd go back and beat my fucking self senseless. then i'd move to hawaii.
gonna go lay in the bath and die
i would literally shit myself and die oh my godplease
that moment you fucked up and die slowly because of your mistake
idrc if ppl say me" bc i do it to sometimes but like ppl who do tht on tumblr need to stop and die
your dads a dick. hope you and your mom is alright though bro.
when you're doing really well in a game and your connection fucks up
you are an horrible person
no because you are an asshole
you are an
anytime you want to debate debate. you are an irrelevant fucking loser bullshitting to try to cover up what i know abt you.
agreed mate, last games have been a shambles last horrific, fucking leicester are running away with it ffs.
also just asked me if my vape had cocaine in it. then she asked if it had weed in it. conclusion: my friends are bad influences
my brothers a dick. he asked if i wanted oreos and obviously ima be like yeah but little did i know that bastard filled them with toothpaste
this lil boy just asked if he can stay til christmas eve no ya ass going home tonight!
lead singer of the band perry is one thick ass white girl.
bouta watch these wack ass white lesbians on pornhub
wiggity whack ass white boy
annoying ass white girls
this fine ass white guy with a sleeve came into wb today, i almost died
thick ass white girls really satan in disguise
i deadass dont wanna watch a movie abt some some sensitive ass white high school kids
jon b was a fine ass white man.
who is dis lil ass white boy in da heights he looks like hes goonna get jummmped
' with them pretty ass white teeth o be like lawd
why does this fine ass white guy have an shirt?!? lawd! girl, you got fans like that?"
why are these boring fucking basic looking ass white guys getting famous all the time whatd they do live in a suburb
of course my cousin go the dope ass white girl who gotta be down!
happy ppl.. i've had annoying ass white girls and thorough ones too and that goes for black(various nationalities) as well
why does this fine ass white guy have an shirt?!? lawd! girl, you got fans like that?
i always match with country ass white people and i think they just wanna hang out and disappoint their parents
my first thought whenever i see a fine ass white boy is wonder if he likes black girls?"
basic ass white boys these days....
this pretty ass white boy
y'all gotta understand that carti was fightin some weird ass white boys. no points at all
jesus fucking christ that's one goofy ass white dude...
she probably giving some road head rn to some lame ass white boy, but that's alright i ain't see it happen man so it didn't happen.
ignorant ass white kid
pretty ass white boy
literally all your supporters are old ass white people lmao drop out pls
idk about y'all but i prefer ebony. i don't wanna see no pink penises or extrad out ass white girls.
see how society had us conditioned to think that a fat ass white guy was strolling through our house spreading holiday goodness smfh
creepy ass white boy followed my brother and i home, now he's just walking in our area so i don't want to finish my fucking run
i was a sexy ass white baby
it's always those sheltered ass white boys that be on that stupid ass shit. like they don't get that shit isn't a game to real goons.
me and other people had their seats taken by rich ass white people who paid k to be on that plane
weird ass white man
fuck airports lol how the fuck do you give up someone's seat to rich ass white peoples
all you mad ass white people in my mentions can choke on this
went to my dr. appt. and all these sexy ass white girls was in they all said hi to me at the same time it felt like a porn
i really can't stand ignorant ass white people
we all know a gutta ass white girl that has all the trap music.
vote for hillary, she supports iran and saudi arabia who put bags over heads, binds hands and throws off buildings gays..
those tall, rangy shitheads with bags over their shoulders. they love to jump feet and kick/punch you. we are not friends
when your family is so beautiful, they have to wear bags over their head and sell combs
the saints look like hot garbage. their fair weather ass fans been quiet all season. back to wearing them bags over your head next year.
looks will only get you do far jess" was gonna be an ugly stripper the ones with bags over their heads"
really? talking shit after grienke signs with the dbags over an extra year? at least people can see the lakers play in la!
wow! bravo! chief hamas terrorist's exwife justifies his assassination: should be killed".
you are more likely to be killed by those m&amp;m's then a syrian refugee.
as i have been walking in d rain_those prepared by corrupt u.s.a governmentofficials as me were followingme_hoping i can be killed off today
motherf**ckers thought we should be killed when came and stole us from africa and put us in chains...
who wants naomi clark to be killed next?
will you open the book of life has end all the hate killing wars or just let more be killed raped all will know
do worse, i'll have an army of pikmin beat him to a pulp then have them carry his corpse back to the onion
is pissed that i beat him in this game on
he beat him last year in the playoff with cardale fucking jones at qb, tells me all i need to know. meyer's the goat.
ayoo kd is officially the biggest
how kids supposed learn that fire burns, if today's parents blame the fire for being hot. motherfuckers the real world has consequences
and i blame the fucking seat belt
blame the whores
if ya'll haven't fucked/fucked with every dude or female.. then how can you blame the whole gender.. that's all i ever see on my tl..
bus drivers ups drivers gives no fucks on the road
septa bus drivers really be fat as shit
already see some hoes hashtagging lives matter" in their butt ugly selfie smh...
damn! that is a butt ugly skank!
heard the buttugly version, right? not even worth
you are such a butt ugly nonjoke understanding, stupid piece of white trash that gets old dude's to pay for your ugliness sick
i think the video calls him a weak ass, lying scumbag bastard with a butt ugly fat ass wife
poor miley she turned butt ugly
why does there have to be so many fucking butt ugly gaming pc cases?
abuse" is what you say when you're afraid to say ugly".
next semester when i only have to go to tech i'm going to be looking butt ugly because they are the only people that will see me and we fam
that song that's says need a butt ugly slut with a drinking problem and a jealous man in jail" reminds me of ever time
getting on your butt ugly list.
butt ugly
corypheus is so butt ugly lmao but he's part darkspawn and they're ugly as hell so it makes sense
i own some butt ugly tshirts.
what a buttugly dysfunctional couple.
looking at her buttugly face i can see why she says that
cliche thing to say when returning to america after living abroad, but americans are butt ugly fat.
lmao fr they think using the filter is gonna make a difference.. bihhhh you still butt ugly!
my latest graphs are going to look buttugly because of this damn it
not with kylo ren, i'd get aids every time i looked at his butt ugly face
she's butt ugly has no real talent get rid of her trashy sorry ass!!
buy my buttugly hats!
your toyota is butt ugly so are you
if you were as butt ugly as that serrell loser you'd spout nonsense too.
you ever just think wow we're lucky were decent looking girls, there's some girls that are butt ugly" pantina
she said butt ugly but hes still ugly"
this game is more buttugly than nude pics of janet reno...
will u pls just change your fuckin name tf
he just yelled at me saying change your fucking attitude your attitude is horrible"
reminder to myself: change your fucking abilities
nikiki came to rock hill!!! nice seeing ya my fellow chinkeyed waffle house
n'sync w/ the hood, gray minks in the hood, we tryna get money like chinks in the hood"
drivin n a see ma pal aw by hersel n picked her up fae the bus stop fuck superman, chinks in toon tae the rescue x
there are chinks in cam's armour!!!
because they know their candidate has chinks in his armor, and can't win against my candidate. polls prove it
how can someone drive worse then a stoner. you have to be cheebed out on heroin to drive like the chinks in miramesa
you're gucci dude, let's see some mean peg chinks in the meantime
i hope there are some fine ass chinks in ur city istg if not i'm done
odinga is putting the president,his deputy on the defensive by artfully exploiting chinks in armour,particularly on corruptionmg
i didn't see chinks in this picture therefore this comment and this picture are racist
be a big cop in a small town? fuck off up to the model village"
you mfers that cough&amp; don't cover your mouth need to be slapped.
i cover your mouth with my hand. don't even say that word!" i frown. not a whore, okay? i'm pretty
yo lady, before you cover your car in dumbass bumper stickers, maybe you should learn how to drive st?? gettin a little ahead of yourself..
cover your tits up you infant
i fucking love when stevie and ally bicker it cracks me up omg they get so mad
chloe out of geordie shore cracks me up walks into a tree and goes fuck off
i really hope you add silent, background laugh as a podcast laugh track. shit cracks me up every time.
fuckin cracks me doesn't he realise that nobody wants him at the
her head is completed she cracks me up
i don't be cuffin' these hoes i just be bustin these hoes
cuffin these hoes thats where u went bad at
cuffin these bitches you niggas is cops
fuckin these no cuffin these no lovin these they all for the smash
cuffin these bitches you niggas is cops
s/o to the ft carson niggas that's cuffin these hoes tho, y'all the real mvp
y'all boyz really be cuffin these stank hoez wit no morals
cuffin these hoes that's where you went bad at
fucking these bitches no cuffin these bitches no lovin these bitches they all for the smash
im allergic to cuffin these hoes
i don't be cuffin' these hoes i just be bustin these hoes
i don't be cuffin these hoes
never cuffin these hoes
i be wondering how in the world these niggas be cuffin these
don't be cuffin these bitches you know they choosing!
yall keep cuffin these whores but
no cuffin these hoes no cuffin these
they might as well since they cuffin these hoes anyway
no cuffin these bitches, i trade em.
dont be cuffin these hoes.
i be cuffin these hoes, i don't be smashing these hoes.
yall niggas be cuffin these ranned thru everybody fucking loose booty ass hoes
fuckin these bitches no cuffin these bitches no lovin these bitches they all for the smash
then why you cuffin these
cuffin these bitches you niggas is cops
we be cuffin these bitches now that's something i cannot do she prolly tryna get you robbed to now god bless both yall achoo!
cuffin' these bitches u nias is cops. she suck me up... but i don't eat da box
fuckin' these bitches, no cuffin' these bitches no lovin' these bitches, they all for the smash
ion be cuffin these scoots, i just be smashin these scoots
we aint cuffin these hoes we aint the police!!!!
cuffin these bitches, you niggas is cops
why y'all cuffin these hoes man
i ain't be cuffin these hoes i just be fuckin these hoes
stop cuffin these hoes
u cuffin these hoes u don't know no better
stop cuffin' these hoes in
i gotta stop cuffin these hoes rns
i ain't cuffin these hoes i neva eva been a cop
u be lookin like stop cuffin these hoes
ion be cuffin these hoes i just be bussin these hoes.
we know these niggas cuffin these freak hoes
no cuffin these bitches, no lovin' these bitches they all for the smash
y'all niggas really be cuffin these run down whores me my team went thru them
smfh this dumb nigger, w/ the hard r
if so y not b an equal opportunity media whore rave ag catholics, jews, sikhs
and its still $
when people say and on twitter you sound so incredibly stupid, oh and your future employers will love your homophobic posts
i'm a and just wanted to say that god loves me for who i am no matter what lifestyle i live.
don't argue with him. he called me a fag, but is hiding behind an avi header that's not of him, lol. next.
fag, but you chill and uh text me
but, i didn't say it wasn't lewd.
so it's cool for them to threaten him and call him a fag, but when he retaliated he was wrong?
we all know he called him and that is an insult to a straight man
and i came at the brother with respect, he still called me everything from but he calling black women angry?
haters who called justin for years, now saying that his music has and it's good now, no you asshole it was always good
wapo hack laffs americans who worry about future. upset because u call hack smh.
people still use plus it's smh.
this man gotta be a faggot, smh
i hate this world we live in. rondo getting suspended for saying faggot...smh. now let's see how long it takes someone to chew me out
everyone's going after rondo now, ref just happened to be a faggot, smh
huge difference...calling someone that is in community using it as towards heterosexual. obj is reaching
you guys are faggots and have no life's and u should just quit in life cause you can do anything so u hack
i thrive off winding up faggots and feminists on twitter
that's because the world has turned into a bunch of over sensitive faggots and the media is trying to salvage
hopefully there won't be all those sweaty faggots and i'm tryin to get these head clips almost had a nice on yesterday
s.a.d. seasonal affective disorder. happens to faggots and pussies
smash brothers is for faggots. and if you disagree, you're wrong.
on my way to the top you can have the fame cause the game filled with a bunch faggots and lames
i can guarantee reggie wasn't threatening cardinals and vikings players beforehand and calling them and such.
i'll still be able to break mothafuckin' table over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
ugh, office politics. just whiny faggots and backstabbers. no thanks.
harsh on faggots homophobic)
i hate revolvers so much they for faggots and people from texas
i'm not out here calling people faggots and telling people to get aids. who are the real losers
there's cute selfies, faggots, and underage penis on my tl.
does anyone know a place that will repair a hdmi port on a ps the faggots and best buy said they can't do it
no reason to call people faggots and queers but yet he still did it
with no hesitation. the kindred fast ign) called bot lane faggots and to fuck themselves. i hope that you can please
josh norman prolly was calling odell all types of bitches and faggots and it worlds lol
i was legit sitting in skype with zack yesterday doxing younow faggots, and scaring them shitless.
the next generation will be filled with faggots and
that cant be healthy.id get too fat. i just heard about faggots, and i want one. they sound like meatballs.
the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half. only realized it was ironic. i was signed to aftermath after the fact. how
lol he calls us some faggots and yet he plays with spinning tops as well.
you're fucking faggots and i love you all
faggots and star wars. damn
i got added to two lists got called faggots and trannies ok, should i be offended?
college is for faggots.. like dead ass. niggas can't even do their job right.
canada is full of faggots like you
i'm pretty sure half the bitches around me date faggots like that
rushing to debunk practical effects" faggots like
these faggots like dick on they do, now you got ones who like ass but it aint too many of them
no respect for any faggots like this.
i noticed fifa on your trophy list. why on earth did they buy fifa!? that's only for faggots like me
sick of pretentious faggots like you
yo gil gotta chill just said like ten times in a row.
only faggots like this
yeah i would like to rape like gambini! gimme a break whacko
celebrity's are the new gods and there followers are blind pagan faggots like chava
you're all wrong! it's faggots like you guys that make up bullshit lies! stop acting innocent
he sends the faggots like you into hiding at least
gotta be as cold as dry ice with faggots like tony v
i don't start shit i am just in the mix cause attention seeking faggots like you start it
it past your bed time. no wonder no one reads that garbage on vice because faggots like you write shit
i have bruh n i'm still here i used to work in a pub dealt with faggots like you daily now what? back to jerkin..
bruh, the empire were always the good guys. they weren't faggots like the jedi.
and i curve the faggots like you
had to cop one of these for all you faggots who like to lie
am i one of those faggots who puts the same thing both answers on a poll?
the same faggots who think wwe takes actual skill and is a sport are the same ppl who believe in the tooth fairy
fuck what ppls say some of these lames will always be faggots who want us to fuck them and because we don't they talk shit
all these news media faggots who never got picked play on anybodys team growing up want obj suspended cause he played aggressive yesterday
lol at faggots who ignore you
faggots who don't actually care about the desires of the people who voted them into office. party."
cause there faggots who are gonna get ddosed back soon if they don't stop
my brother goes to you guys are obnoxious faggots who stand around and do fuck all. you shit up the campus.
maybe one day i will look damn cute and all the stupid chinese faggots who reject me want me then say isn't an issue" haha fuck off
fml i feel like unfollowing all these faggots who spoils star wars
i am doing me that's why i don't care about faggots who say i try to hard on the internet lmaoooo
traps are faggots who will try to take dis crackas kfc!
i kind of feel sorry for those faggots who play in santa damn they suck!!!
all faggots who will try to pop off!!!!!!
if any of you faggots who were too scared to play fancy yourselves at drinking instead we'll be in the colliery from
will never understand faggots who watch straight porn.
fags are our friends
see....he's obsessed with me and my love life, like fags are, it's kinda sad and pathetic
don't play s some fags are booting for and lag switching the host
a slab nd a sleeve of fags are my only friends for d night i am in serious need of a gattin buddy it's breakin my poor little heart
you fags are lightweight
everyone gets told fags are bad and to give up. then they replace the fags with fat filled food and be just as unhealthy.
which fags are getting down and tributing xmas presents! prove urself that u wanna be owned hey look at:
these fags are loud and bitchy to the point they undermine their own position lol
year olds smoking fags are you for real
laughing how pathetic u fags are! keep worshipping your master!
fags are so messy... lmmfao boi i tell you what's the real reason you texting me you mad one of yo thots wanna phonebone me
.% annual inflation, so not rampant! although booze and fags are up .%, yikes, might be a teetotal holiday...
the young' are even a problem for isis' recruiting.
scooter kids and swag fags are what makes my life not worth living
fags are fags, not faggots.
you should come get some christmas cheer at tin roof. the space fags are very festive.
we fags are lucky
those uk fags are a bunch of paper champs. don't change the subject, jihadi john.
humiliationverbale: never forget they rule, we fags are available to their sadistic pleasure
bevvy and fags are bae
fags are so fucking dramatic g wtf
at brunch. with a lot of gays. fags are a hoot.
is real you idiots they even have a twitter fags are bashing to steal shares even is buying
blazblue soon? also got open house tomorrow daytime if you fags are free for local
who the fuck do they think they are
i was talking to my brother like bryan, bryan!" then he turned around and said the fuck do you want bro!?"
how the fuck do people draw lipstick
haha why the fuck do meter maids wear helmets??
how the fuck do some of yall do it to move on so quickly?
i want to love dogs but its like how the fuck do i communicate with you im a cat person
how the fuck do i always get ash in my eye
lol who the fuck do you think you're talking to? telling me
how the fuck do people narrow this down to like
on rhe phone and u dont help" what the fuck do u want me to do???
why the fuck do i currently have the diet of a uni student
andy what the fuck do you do everyday omfg
why the fuck do people go and make shit up trying to ruin everything
quick question, for those of you that live in the nyc area..... how the fuck do you afford to stay there? lmao
but, i'm just a mountain girl from maine. what the fuck do i know?
how the fuck do people learn to speak droid in this universe
i swear who the fuck do i follow?
i sat up for the first time tgis morning and was like the fuck?! do i really look this bad?!"
how the fuck do you get a zero on a final
me with no money: i want everything... me with money: what the fuck do i buy
i can't stand liars because how the fuck do i know when you're telling the truth?
how the fuck do you misspell kylie
how the fuck do you eat shit that bad and get up and go for it again, skateboarding amazes me
fuck do you know bout my pain nadaaaaaa!!!
fuck do i miss you so much. wish i could see you when you come home.
how the fuck do you not see a imessage that you read!!!???
i'm sorry but how the fuck do so many people wait until this week to do christmas shopping? do that's shit early and you can get people more
i mean if someone is trying to make a point by coming at me with the fuck do you think you are?" their point of moot.
how and why the fuck do you beat someone over something they cannot control... and why was there like niggas in the room vid) lol
why the fuck do i get myself into these situations
who the fuck do you think you are???
why the fuck do i even rant about this i ain't gonna change shit
how the fuck do you go from like followers to in weeks how
where the fuck do we live bruh?!
what do you mean what the fuck do you mean
how the fuck do u even stop loving someone
how the fuck do i manage to lose weight so
what the fuck do you think i would do
how the fuck do you know if luke creeps or not though
kierstan surprised me and knocked on my door this morning and i just opened it saying the fuck do you want"
why the fuck do u always do this to me? i'm doing good, i'm not thinking about ur dumbass and aoas for the millionth time u wanna come back.
mabye you should stop accusing us of bullying? i mean, where the fuck do you get the right?
beck is a musical genius what the fuck do u mean
what the fuck do i do
have any change, rach?" fuck do these coins mean?!" i left a tip in canadian to someone in manchester today because fuck it.
how the fuck do people cope with this feeling????
how the fuck do you not see a big ass red truck
why in the fuck do duvet covers cost more than a small car
i'm actually dead why the fuck do i take the kim k game so seriously
tony from earthbound confirmed to be fucking gay, america in outrage
toz is so fucking gay(?????) im watching gameplay, but
. it's tampa, not ny. . they fucking hate you.
fucking hate twitter lololo
i fucking hate this holiday
i fucking hate going into town because of exactly what just happened to me... seeing too many ppl i know and the last person i wanted to see
i fucking hate when i'm scheduled to get off at a certain time i don't!
i fucking hate christmas.
i fucking hate my sister
i fucking hate you!!
the walking dead causes me so much stress i fucking hate all the characters that aren't the original i'm crying
i literally fucking hate the mall at these times so much
i fucking hate seeing and hearing my sister like this. this breaks my heart so much.
dunno what it is but i fucking hate terry jenkins so much
i was emulating it but i fucking hate doing that
i fucking hate you.
i fucking hate people who loves pretending to be smart lmao
fucking hate awkward
i fucking hate liars
also, i fucking hate guns
i fucking hate u sdea
i fucking hate u
really fucking hate people
i fucking hate texting, i quit.
i fucking hate fifa so much
i fucking hate bras
lol, i fucking hate the mall
yeah i fucking hate my little sister hahahahahahha
fucking hate windows... this fucking recovery error is pissing me off so much.
i fucking hate my daddy's side of the family they always got something to fucking say!!!
i fucking hate how i get attached to temporary people
i fucking hate myself
wow there really isnt a gatsby fic i fucking hate everyone
i fucking hate the look people give you when you ask them to call you something different
these days. i don't allow visitors and i fucking hate television.
i really fucking hate math i had to rule out my curiosity for architecture.
i fucking hate going to stores with
fucking hate horses
i fucking hate being rudely awakened.
i fucking hate it when people disturb my sleep ughh im so pissed
it all went so well until i opened my mouth... i fucking hate myself
i'm just gonna straight up say it i fucking hate he is destroying any kind of progress kentucky has made
i feel so useless and alone and i fucking hate my profile picture i'm changing it
she told me not to worry about shit she got me if i got her.
big cock cum cam:
ass for you:
i fucking avoid doctors and stay healthy and i get raped the one time i can't breathe for fucking days
i think the asian mom bingo needs the boys are trying to sex you one or just cant go out with guy friends cause ur gonna get raped"
this is better but don't black out bc then you could get raped
but yeah i hope you never experience rape but receive blessings although you want my future daughter to get raped
she resisted so didn't get raped by thug cop....when she cooperated in custody she ended up dead
we didnt get raped as you said you would
going to get raped. thats disgusting of you. dont point fingers at others if you blatanly supporting rape now
who the fuck thinks its ok to drive a dark black van with going to get raped" tinted windows and have a decal on the side that says swat?
chat shit get raped
i hope you get raped in jail
if i get lit it doesn't mean i want to get raped even if i'm seriously drunk my intentions aren't to get raped.
which i just found so disgusting because no???? women are not a piece of candy that get raped because they dont cover wtf???
omfg is she lost??? like in saudi/yemen, women get raped a lot and cant say shit bc she is a
y'all bitches don't know how tf i feel. hell yea i said her baby can get raped...split the fuck open! idgaf the rest of y'all can too
lol your child can still get raped. hope u n ya mammie get raped fym? you finna see..
you're just a foreignrape fantisizer that wants to get raped by a nonwhite refugee savage, but is too ugly
imagine me saying"proud undocumented" in mexico, i prob would get raped b i get dported
it was her choice to get raped
show me the islamic doctrine where it says it's ok for nonhijabi women to get raped.
all the customers at the lcbo are acting like their lives are on the fuckin line if they dont get their booze i swear
yo chipotle needs to get their shit together because i want some but my mom won't let me eat there
leaving aside the religious discrimination they don't get their fucking money back?? basically a fine for being muslim??
my mom said these lil boys just wanna get their dick wet they don't actually love
stans r all ugly i have yet to meet one that shouldn't get their wifi cut off
first buses from sprowston seriously need to get their shit together, waited mins for the bus this morning and hours for it tonight
preach they need to get their shit together
where do vice get their writers from fuck my life
well it's jimmy's job to get their asses here by any means necessary or sell the team.
naughty girlfriends keisha grey and miley...
picturin how dumb these bitches look tryna get their nipples hard pre mirror selfie
why they get so mad when they get their asses grabbed?
why would i go around lying about being a virgin lmfao people are fucking stupid
i dont trust nobody w/. the simple shit cause they wanna lie, add shit, and go around the truth to make it juicy
it's so funny to me how he can go around fuck with people think it's ok i just hope he doesn't fuck her over like he did the rest
that sounds like some shit i'd go around singing
i need a pet wolverine. that's a pound weasel, which is awesome. i'd name him hank we'd just go around fucking shit up.
maybe you should learn it first before you go around thinking you're hemingway or some shit
one more go around with this shit lol
go around me rather than ride my ass, why be fucking stupid about it??
yo i hate all those squirrels in cardigans, too.
i hate all these hoes who were rude to naruto when he was young pls leave
episode vii spoilers are creeping into my life and i hate all of you bastards.
not a bigot, i just hate all muslims'........ me that answers that then, tolerant and open minded to the end!
hate all this shit ffs
i hate all of you
i hate all that shit!
i hate your clubcard points...'add up'!". well...yeah. no fucking shit.
dad doesn't know i'm home and i just heard him scream hate all these fucking turnovers"
i hate all the fake shit that circulates twitter
lol dude i hate faggots too
love gabriel hate faggots
i hate faggots liek this get legit subscribers and also views!
i like the dxd dub dont hate faggots
do you hate faggots wow....maybe you are a terrorist
kinda rethinking this bc i hate faggots but i have this boy in that i got my eye on
i fucking hate faggots like you guys
i hate faggots that talk shit to u man ur a freaking nice guy and ur skills are most impressive wars
literally the whole thing is hate fat feminists waaaaaaah" are incapable of freedom"
i hate fat emo bitches
my fat friend borrowed my yoga pants i thought they would just stretch and go back to my size but no theyre ruined now i hate fat people
my cousin just came back from the marines he says he can't count to ten without seeing a fat person ya hate fat people
i hate fat ugly bald headed hating ass hoes
i hate fat niggas who don't bathe..you should shower everyday and sometimes twice a day
why yall hate fat ppl bruh
hate dull guys hate prideful guys hate unreliable guys hate wishywashy guys hate fat guys hate sissy guys and more...
i hate fat bitches
on god i hate fat hoes folks stay cock blocking
i hate fat little gremlins with ombre hair, slightly plump booties and bottles of liquor in all their pictures.
i hate fat asses lol can't do nun with em, but give me lil but not to small ass.....i goooooootttt chu
sorry but fuck you and your apology. people like you who hate fat women and disguise it as care can rotisserie in hell
hate fat mouthy hoes
i hate when niggas say they hate fat girls but their mom and grandma a whole fucking
i hate you josh for putting this shit on my timeline lol
i fucking hate you
. it's tampa, not ny. . they fucking hate you.
why are ya fuckers tumblr tagging my art as pda" i hate you so much
i hate you
baby: ur a dick for not tellin me you know what and i hate you and youre annoying and a mess
i fucking hate you!!
fuck all of you holiday shoppers. you're mean and i hate you
i'm so damn tired that even my eyebags have bags
lol we don't even have bags in our department they fuckin lose it every time
he looks so fucking good fuckxjdk
spoilers here faggot*
shakboysmen: over here f
and finger banging yo's in the park smh, i like a couple of his songs but him as a person makes it hard lol
bill belichick is the biggest nerd in the nfl but god damn i want him as my team's coach.
fucking disgusting. he's the type to never pop off in the hood, but pop off on his shorty.
when khaled was on snapchat talking to his shorty..he was speaking real shit.."i got you babes, just let me work and i got us"
not his shorty go head faggy
shoot that his shorty" jokes
a ngga that keeps a smile on his shorty's face is gon always have her heart b
bru i read between da lines. im always putting shit together and figuring out shit
im always the first one to die without any fucking attempts
im always talking shit, but i swear i be speaking the truth
im always on some chill shit
im always getting woke up outta my sleep like this shit starting to put me off
her latina butt is full of blubber
aldi is full of shit wives with bags of shit last minute christmas dinner for their husbands who deserve better
dennerclub is full of dickheads
today is white girl wedensday! submit your big juicy white ass!
it's okay cause cruz is i wonder if they consider washing" a cuban to be racism? only if its a republican.
um don't talk too her like that tf fuck is you doing
what's disrespectful is you lying to your fans bout your transfer purse. mind you fuckin business, arsene.
that is you aka floplena can't sing for shit
this is you as hell
i have a am meeting and i'm walking down main street toward my job at :am. i gives none of the fucks
i'm right here, jungle bunny. what's your fucking problem?
jungle bunny fresh trout fishingthe unsurpassable trout in full cry experince: qquq
micromax a has of record jungle bunny purchasing public: kel
positional jungle bunny fare: wgvwys
firsthand tata manza cs further envision the grille fellow feeling the jungle bunny shopping mall: rvm
jungle bunny supermarket business dealings forum: bowdjk
fight me, jungle bunny.
print spliced inaustralia skillselect visas on account of jungle bunny residents: yby
great news! he's a fucking low class jungle bunny! hope they throw him out the the nfl
jungle bunny wardship imparts selfinstruction in contemplation of holy yet tout ensemble: cfianmag
however so bring forth capable jungle bunny classified ads that descry plural treasure vice himself: yitekn
jungle bunny constellation and its prestige rapport india: wczve
lol dead ass just cause it could get wet don't mean it look
just cause your gf got a hold of your balls dont mean you gotta be dick to everyone
just cause ion tweet shit don't mean shit lol. y'all better leave me df alone fr
if i write a holy book that says kill all women. and i think it's a divine commandment and then i kill all women. interpretation?
actually, and all made it on there. i'm worried.
i wish i could kill all of you
please god kill all the patronizing assholes on gaf
kill all these i mean all parties
i love goshujinsama so much that i'd kill all of the girls in the whoooole world~!
my period pain really ruin my mood and i feel like wanna kill all the fucking annoying guys on my group ws fck off
boy you need to kill all that shit i will really fuck u up
i'll kill all of you
ok friends about to play fallout if it sucks i'm gonna fucking kill all of you for lying
all i want is that you kill yourself fucking stupid
whoever liked this tweet, kill yourself. thanks.
kill yourself
kill yourself
pls pls kill yourself
kill yourself
it's one of those days you just kinda wanna kill yourself
god cant save your stupid ass. kill yourself now
yeah if you wanna kill yourself
whoever is designing this shit for chicken slice please kill yourself shit face
my life is a mess. what am i supposed to do now when it's obvs i'm not going to pass the board exam by may . ok charisse. kill yourself.
kill yourself
girl kill yourself
kill yourself. don't be that piece of fucking shit. he's on holiday. fuck off and grow up
go kill yourself
kill yourself
they kill for power and money they get killed for power and money
knew you when you wasnt shit" sheesh
bullshit you knew you wasn't going. do you go more games than me fucking hell support your local team
i knew you was nasty. fucking right
if only you knew, you wouldn't be trippin bout these bitches.. baby u just don't know..
hanbin doing that crazy dance and rubbing his legs to yunhyeong fuck
jelly legs to
africa girl in the congo have the same thing under her dress,but not that stupid to spread her legs to shit flies
shorty was getting it lol just wait til i get my legs to work with my arms i'm gone fuck the scene up!
your only talent is opening your legs to penises that would rather be inside of me!"
pak diz shit.. i need to train my legs to kick hard with speed and accuracy... ugh...
i'm over everybody and everything like all yall mufuckas has some serious problems
woke up feel like all shit
if i know you don't like me i'm gonna purposely like all your
he's a diving little faggot, but he's not a bad lad ronny
i don't ask for much in a friendship... just don't be a sensitive little faggot, have a sense of humor stay loyal
made niggaespe da goon video)
those master s my next pick up
think your size too big for me lmao
too many niggers selling illegal accessories tbh
one cummie two cummie three cummie four how many niggers are in my store
how many niggers are in my store
mehn.. that playstation gang.. many niggers fell on d wayside.
why'd you leave the call? too many niggers?
but i need colombians to realize no matter how many you throw steve's way, it isn't gonna give ya girl the crown. stay mad!
oh gosh. the racists come out the closet again. let's see how many steve harevy gets called
why were so many niggers killed in the vietnam war?? because when the sergeant said to down", they all got up and started dancing.
too many niggers gonna join in
, , , , , ... how many niggers are in my store
how many niggers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
i got battle front and i'm trying to find my way out of the mall... sooo many niggers
plus many niggers in a call skype will blow up
how many niggers are in my store by funny vines): how many niggers are in my
how many niggers are in my store?
i liked a video how many niggers are in my store?
coz i don't fuck with many niggers
so many niggers in one picture
, , , , , ... how many niggers are in my store
how many niggers are in my store jk
to many niggers at the walmart here on almeda, lol now i remember why i dont come here, i just saw some nasty ass female just spit mid floor
too many niggers on my whatsapp
yes intercaste marriage is a big no no it's sad that all these shitty customs are still being followed, change is very slow
really? hilary is married to a sex addict. you would think she could either lighten up or leave the big schlong.
where were you when he visited aps peshawar after getting married to reham. he is as much as bastard as others are
cookie: married to ir white man candice: and he's cookie: i can't tell by them cheap ass shoes.
r. kelly got married to a year old girl we know by the name of aaliyah. this dude has a history of this bullshit.
hit me... she hit me almost everyday, for years. she threw me glass bottles. faggot, she called me. faggot, that's all i
hahahahahah i love my coonass blood.
i think i've been so sad because i haven't listened to my tunes" on the way to work the past few days.
niggas like me don't deserve a twitter.... caus ion be caring what i be putting up
yeah watch out for niggas like kid's making them shits at home
i cant fw niggas like you
they ont make niggas like this no more real spill
some niggas like to rock an assfro...eeeew
people need niggas like me on they ready to get into whatever
kendall been family zoning like i'm not your sis foh
little league coaches are mostly just regular niggas like us that know maybe less. that's not great coaching
some niggas like chanel
some niggas like gucci
i don't even hang around niggas like that.
new years eve move with my niggas like last year lets see what gone happen this year tho
niggas like bitches that pop off and suck dick all day long
most of the time females treat niggas like shit because they got treated like shit in the past js
told my bro he needa stop kickin it with niggas like me
treat my little princess like royalty in hopes that she's not attracted to the same type of dog ass niggas like me."
just cause i got girl besties don't be all up on u niggas like a thot i'm considered a lebian how do y'all sound
i aint stunt on these niggas like i really i aint fuck all the bitches like i really
niggas like chris brown and joe budden get all kinds of passes though it seems....
not every team come equipped with niggas like ours
and niggas like bro i wasn't even thinking about all that
there are so many niggas like r kelly it isn't even funny. i remember it from high school. my classmates had grown ass boyfriends
playing niggas like
they said niggas like me don't live long
thats for niggas like you
start my day off with some squats cause thirsty niggas like to watch
why y'all be doin niggas like this?
i can't have no respect for them niggas like that man. like some of these girls out here lost but you out here fucking they heads up.
at least i ain't dead or in jail look at the bright side at least i never told on nobody my niggas like wise
there are niggas like that lol
now ain't a problem, see my dough is like whoa... pulled out my bankroll on ya niggas like
lol i be inda city just lookin at niggas like smh ya the typa niggas we laughed at in school el brokeys
not all hood niggas like
somebody get this mediocre white girl before i pop up on her with my ass"
r u fighting racism? but using word u know it equals word racist ppl?,heresy
white people be like: in my home country/town is actually an endearing term you can't expect me to give it up. its culture
anyways. instead of trying to insult grammar. well me what a is
this guy is the funniest person ever i look up to you
when your mom complains to you about music" being garbage then tries to say shes not racist as fuck. ok
camden called the music i listen to music"
reminds of when a pakistani dude asked if i liked music" in an amsterdam cafe. it's worldwide.
the hor ass hag adorns didn't ask me niggers are w...
charlamas: the hor ass hag adorns didn't ask me niggers are w...
yall niggers are in the hood?
and how odd it is to be haunted by someone that is still alive. niggers are petty i tell you!
a lot of you niggers are from finance'
errrbody listen to bryson tiller now..of course niggers are late
y'all niggers are goals
but what do you mean, the niggers are the ones who built the pyramids in egypt, didn't you know?
you niggers are out of control.
new orleans is taking down confederate statues. those niggers are dependent on white tourist dollars. make them pay with a total boycott.
you niggers are just dying to come and search all documents in my apartment soon as i step outside, aren't you? the same to your child.
my niggers are lit all year round
roses are red and violets are blue and niggers are black
niggers who steal from you ain't ya bro no nothing them niggers are opps and sneak dissers
one cummie two cummie three cummie four how many niggers are in my store
these niggers are lag switching
shield is one color niggers are dead to the shield period anything goes
these niggers are just
lol, y'all niggers are savage outchea the fresher the better
the niggers are seikh, they have moved to birmingham
hurt niggers are the ones who be sending low blows to females..
he the lazy ass senator has no right to be president. never shows up for work just at fb games
the arm i'm painting has no right to look as shitty as it does
no he's still a pedophile off he knows her age but she still no right from wrong
can treat myself to a pack of
tbh most of young people are using them that i know. most have changed to them instead of fags
this morning is comprised of a round table of fags trying to make sense of a real man
i get told to fuck off at least times a day for the price of fags because obviously i set the prices
as i stood outside mcdonalds tryin and failing to make a smokable rollie some kind soul of pbc handed me a box of fags and left..thank u sir
i love d but they are a big mountain of fags and cunts
it's only a packet of fags what's wrong with you all?
how are people contented by stinking of fags horrible.
look like a whole bunch of fags nobody got hands here
there are a lot of fags in the outlet mall
i stink of fags and i haven't even smoked tonight
bunch of fags on this app man
oh cock. ran out of fags. time for a walk to the shop.
bet my mums got me a snide sleeve of fags like them egyptian lambert she got last time
smh friends with a bunch of fags
for a packet of fags.. robbery pure robbery
a slab nd a sleeve of fags are my only friends for d night i am in serious need of a gattin buddy it's breakin my poor little heart
you know our generation is full of fags and pussies when drake is the number one rapper
trekksters have nearly whovian levels of nonviolence. bunch of fags.
aw bynchy pure you!!!!! wall of fags
my granddad just said this to me i need a good shag with a beautiful lady, cans of carling and a pack of fags. what a way to die'
plus who ever got excited about buying a new pack of fags??
now everybody, even on the sidelines, gonna be calling obj all types of fags and homos now.......
god dammit ocado i dont want any of those substitutions
wasn't directed at anyone in particular, only anyone who would ever ride one of those fucking things
i swear there's an island full of white peoples who can dance and i just haven't found it yet.
dey cussed dis lady out! called her all types of white bitches, while my son standin
i'm whiter than a grain of rice floating in a glass of milk on a paper plate in the middle of a blizzard i'm tired of white people's shit.
school crumbles after teachers told not to punish minority students because of white privilege
there's a huge ass line outside of honey baked ham and it's holding up traffic y'all procrastinating butt heads
bloody sunday' is kind of totally forgotten outside of hardcore cinephile circles which is a damn shame.
i try not to think outside of the box too often cause people be fucking watching me. i do most of my thinking inside the box.
there is shit outside of my meme factory
freedom doesn't apply to american muslims, that's reserved for bitter white boys. merry fucking christmas.
all my niggas act weird over their bitches but when i had a girl they be like come on bro, you stressing over this girl fr
not looking forward to the basic bitches crying over their michael kors watches and pandora rings on insta at
they might be an excised foreskin as you say, or maybe they just have it rubbed all over their face in a cream.
im leaving so many people in dat shit crazy..!
she said she want me to take the rubber off, i told her people in hell want ice water.
bumpin' migos in new seabury putting these rich old white people in an early grave
they're out here stabbing people in the ass in nyc. everyone
r*pe why do people like kilgrave so much he is a rapist and disgusting.
god people like you are a waste of fucking air
hell is filled with people like you.
i hate that pick one shit cause i love em all for real
you can't smoke hella weed and have a good home life you have to pick one
black male wants new trial. tortured, raped and murdered white boy scout...
idiots women and girls are being sold into slavery raped and murdered daily stoned for being raped how dumb are dems
if you know your daughter got raped and defend the rapist you should get stoned or something
he raped and betrayed trust. needs to be raked over coal.
christmas another devil worshipping day by caucasian people when america raped and murdered women children and babies
defense asked for fair&amp;even appearances. screw that you raped and murdered their childthey should all wear don't drop soap ts
theres women out there who got raped and busted a fat one... could you imagine how bad that can fuck you up mentally
murdered cold blooded, more than raped and filmed, died coz of no vantilator.clapping pakistan zinda baad
but hey, at least he doesnt let the kids get raped and killed..... oh wait
so, is it nsfw or nah?: is dicaprio being raped by a bear in this revenant' scene?
went up a notch or two since kevin james got ass raped by a flamingo.
child rapist raped, stitched by medics and reraped by prisoners
we've all been virtually ass raped by without lube. please help us
dog was raped by the man and died pictures see here...
when we were raped by barca and benitez was only caring about his hamburger. smh.
she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at . after years, she reveals her story.
just standing there, doing nothing, while his girlfriend got beat up and raped by her own husband. goddamn.
the most beautiful pleasure in your body is totaly raped by the apes of thora. the apes from teh vatican. touching your self is beautiful.
the most beautiful pleasure in your body is totaly raped by the apes of thora. the apes from teh vatican. touching your self is beautiful.
niggas really out here blaming year old girls for being raped by r. kelly. i gotta get off twitter man.
she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at . after years, she reveals her story.
is being raped by a uber driver what you call
yup, me too then i was raped by a yr old when i was ...
the lady who decades ago was drugged and raped by that midler?"
ya.... lol let's say we got raped by cloud aka silly mochila merk burns on uplink breach..... bad.
dirty sand nigger, learn english
if you're here to call me a sand nigger/wish death upon all muslims, the line's over there. just follow the stench of your fellow dipshits.
you can't teach rd worlder savages that sort of stuff. norway is teaching refugees about sexual consent
the admins of this account would just like to take a moment to appreciate all the straight douchebags and savages that the sicl
sweden and obama/gope are importing savages that do this sick crap&gt;&gt;&gt;
pappy sound like a demon in savages, that's why i fucks with him
all my niggas savages that's omm
this is to the previous reposted twerking shit video, my followers savages that's not her
she live in the city. damn right she not no virgin. memphis got some savages that's gone sweet talk her to death
kenyans are becoming youtube comments savages... that jimmy gait video comments section... ooh lord
people be swearing they can turn into savages. that shit is innate, not something that can be turned on and off.
so it's fault that isis is a bunch of sub human savages that gang rape christians? fuck you, bro.
shoot that his shorty" jokes
hey everything i love you to death shorty. bitch, ain't no you without me heart in human form.
would've done more than just thrown a fucking phone on the road... leave them alone. especially since they're angry already.
niggas love talkin bout us since they can't guard
ohhh shit! hes fuckin up tribes n shit since they wont let him in the cage!! anderson silva vs tribe via youtube
harsh way since they don't seem to fucking understand
of course it is, these bastards have not made one single investment of any sense since they gained power, all...
that's because nobody cares about a dumb suicidal spear chucker
racism makes no goddamn sense. spearchucker sounds fucking badass. hey black guys! look at you with your martial prowess. wankers!"
lmfao whenever i hear tht movie name i think of eric bullying josh in highschool calling him a fkn spear chucker
awwwwwww u a spear chucker and yes
who the f is that spear chucker talkign about whites tat way on your tweet? what is going on?
spear chucker
bush wookie, spear chucker, or... idk
u r the real fuckin bigot who hate our bloody presence on this planet. u can't stand that we are countering u now
well you need to go to the doctor for some meds or something because i can't stand that shit
cannot stand that man. so full of shit.
i promise i can't stand that dumb shit
i really can not fucking stand that fake shit. do not be out here talking big shit about somebody to just be right back in their face. smh
can't stand that shit
can't fucking stand that shit either....assume they have a man bun under it.
i can't live with drama i can't stand that shit it's irritating to me i'm to old for children shit go play with ya kids not me
bitches texted me last night with gotta question" still haven't got a reply to either one. i can't stand that shit.
can't stand that you might be an follower but no
i can't stand that mofo on my tl
like how you despise rapists but everybody who don't agree with you you call a rapist. i can't stand that snowman built ass girl.
basketball is a game fr stupid nigger's just like rapping.
i can't stand that
that human just wanted a present which is your ass or bacon. just joking, love ya. shame that fag, he wanted to shit himself
i miss that
yall shoulda seen us doin' donuts in that field last night, shit was lit
as a kid i grew up wanting to be a police officer and i still kinda want to but man, so many racist pigs in that field it's disgusting.
honestly it's whatever, go to that field five minutes away from ur house and fuck a kangaroo.
niggas ain't even in that field fr
i really wanna get back on that field which means working my ass off.
okay but like i said, they're super anal about that field
i'm surprised that made it on there.
i've started telling people i'm voting for trump so they feel better about it. learn from the faggots: be loud and be proud!
don't comment on vids from this the faggots get their kicks
stop fuckin playin with me lmfao boy said brentwood thas the faggots im from chula vista logan heights
it's garbage! the faggots urinate on crosses, the muslims kill christians, yet we don't want to offend them!
yeah totally. if they cheated as much as the faggots in ne just imagine what they could accomplish
not the players fault that the faggots on first take don't ever bring them up since that is the casual fans' show.
the faggots stormed his gates like vampires but not blood seekers cum and feces' seekers
hahaha the faggots who thought throwing a fucking pepsi bottle at my truck would be funny, come by again and actually stop this time pussies
happy belated birthday to the faggots that never fail to make my day ever since form
fuck all the faggots with a big ego
cute day at winter wonderland with the faggots
i would fuck this dudes life up and all the faggots in the room letting him do it
you look like the faggots in the videos
such a shame when assholes like think they're actually better than other!! ps leave the alone grandpa
had a gr day with the faggots
cinema is team work with no caste/religion/race bar but the faggots protesting carry brains of maggots dont know shit about it
not even the faggots on the west, you should be a crime.
can't wait to see all the faggots from back home.
do nottttt back down to the faggots!!! hitler was a well known sodomite and so was mohammed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
as cringe as it sounds i'm so glad to start a new year and leave all the faggots
i feel bad for the faggots that have to settle for cicis lol
thanks. best buy told me to contact sony. and trust me last thing i want to do is go to the faggots that created the problem
does anyone know a place that will repair a hdmi port on a ps the faggots and best buy said they can't do it
yall niggas don't understand the female struggles.
pedophilia topic on the tl..... i'll slide over to the female discussion on the tl
i'm just guessing the originator of that question just took the vagina out of the female anatomy
niggas act like the female now a days.
i mean the niggers got the ass but the white bitches don't argue
i rather the niggers
my bro bday on minutes d got the niggers present ready
from now on i'm just going to call these coons and bedwenches niggers! they are the niggers! you ignorant treacherous traitorous niggers!
the niggers
sushi date with the niggers
retweet the niggers threatening to rape her, lol
i read that normally till it got to the part, i read that in a texas accent. your a racist for that theory
i read the niggers coattails?
family salute to the niggers for the good times!
when he say babe i'm going out with the niggers fuck you
imagine all the niggers
the niggers squad
as long as they keep that hash brown casserole on deck i'll still go and sit in the niggers only section
the niggers?
the niggers are seikh, they have moved to birmingham
i inspire all the niggers i hang with to get iller with the hustle. bout to get even crazier.
this is for the niggers in the suburbs
don't do it. that's not how u were raised. take the niggers money!
i stay quite maybe the niggers wont beat my ass as well"
when racism causes them to go broke and raise their kids in the same poor area the live in
the rule is if you on they shouldn't be checking your
need someone to talk about star wars tfa flaws with... nobody wants to listen since the fanboys all have their heads up their asses
i wouldn't have smashed their phones, i would have smashed their heads against the floor smh assholes
real fans know how to react to their idols, even if their heads keep pushing to take a pict, they wouldn't do that shit
the whole foods i go to, those people have their heads so far up their asses i could rap fuck the police an no one notices
lol u know they be them white girls that stay around groups of
if they got that raw shit, that really mean...them white squares is stepped on, billie jean
hell yeah them white bitches be ditzy as
im finna be one of them white kids that either run away from home or kill my dad
money money money thats all them white bitches want from ppl
i'm gone fight y'all and put them white people in your life... i'm done with the bs
fuck them white folks christmas in a few
not them white folks shits though. you knew better
with them white bitches
being a parent is the greatest power ever, ur kids have to do as u say. only if ur black tho coz them white folks do what they want.
tuesday's and thursdays them white people be hopping out
all my niggas getting money now, hip hip hooray, when you see them white whips that's the bylug parade
just delete it them white people trippn but if it was lit holly doing that shit its fine
so i know i woulda blew both them white hoes out the water the last meters
and really ain't nobody care if them white police officers was fucking them ugly poor ass black hoes or not them or them white tricks..
hell nah them white folks can't vibe to this at all
boy u fu... with them white nike boots. sock boot ass boy
come kill me then faggot, you'd be doing me a favor
tcm these fucking jesus movies
you guys have no idea of these fucking teasers
all these fucking reshoots, it's getting out of hand.
i'm so fucking hungry!!! i wish i never had to get these fucking tonsils taken out
i can't even be bothered with these fucking community's. pubstomping community is full of supply drops and sniping is just dead cut comms.
twitter need to cool off with these fucking adverts. every seconds some bloody tesco tweet kmt
you guys are only idiots that don't grow up and need attention with these fucking hacks
stop sending these fucking
all these fucking jobs i applied for i need to get at least one shit
fuck. i was skipping all the spoilers from sw vii until i crashed into one. i hate these fucking moron.
my manager and these fucking timesheets pissing me off man how you gon not approve timesheets before fu king christmas the fuck wrong with u
gubmint taking my money and giving it to these fucking for
omg! these fucking stalkers need to leave them alone.
especially with these fucking americans
these fucking christmas carolers set up camp next to me while i'm trying to listen to my headphones in baggage claim
who the fuck gives birth to these fucking weird people like i don't even know u
these fucking tv shows are so fucking shitty like what the fucking hell i don't have anything ti fucking watch.
fuck a lady i'll replace her for these fucking bands
these fucking cramps then woke me up out my sleep. omg i already know today is not going to be a good day.
i dont know how these fucking family members facing their ass hole father on ayan case
gdi these fucking mood swings
the life of a pakistani baby is more important then these fucking lifes.
fins in wrapping all these fucking gifts
holy shit bro, look at these fucking bargains... d*mn...
just make another chain i'm tired seeing these fucking videos about talking about k for this chain like bruh
between these fucking dogs, and doors slamming. i'll never get enough sleep here.
bought a five pack of swishers to make change, now i gotta smoke these fucking things smh
it's way too early for these fucking females to be bitching and bickering. get your fucking life together.
and i know these fucking js gon find my shit
these fucking kids taking all my money
oh my god, if i ever have the privilege to meet the person who came up with these fucking ads, punch them.
these fucking dick pills work and my hog is finally a perfect inches. is just not cutting it these days.
these fucking police can't touch me
are you serious?! fuck you these fucking lights bruh. im done!
seriously respect his privacy god these fucking paps need to learn some god damn respect i swear.
damn these fucking chores
all these fucking scratches on me
i don't only h summer because i feel like i'm melting, i hate it because all these fucking spiders appear out of nowhere and enter my house
why are people stealing these fucking things?! its a laser?!
these fucking nerds i love them so much
these fucking ads
making these fucking gainz
:am modesto express bus to dublin/pleasanton; would not suggest. crotchety holders" want to catch these fucking hands
i got all these fucking gifts i wonder who got me one.
guys vej has lived hey. you gotta love this
don't do this nigger, crime is only funny until you commit it
d posted a teaser for history. those little shits
when life gives me lemons, i squeeze the living hell out of those little yellow bastards.
i was mocked more than now so this existential crisis is still better than those little motherfuckers.
those little racist remarks that your white friend's say in front of you
and now i'm remembering that all his money grubbing was for all those little siblings, fuuuck
hahah u want him to rape you too
that's the same mentality as a women wears a short skirt so i have the right to rape her. this is why people carry.
shame on media! kelly has continued to rape/abuse underage girls while media turns blind eye!
i remember oomf had the biggest crush on me she damn near wanted to rape me ain't saying names cause she damn near married now
if cosby had drugged halle berry to attempt to rape her, dude woulda been done as well before today
dumbest shit i've ever heard suggesting that allow any cop to them vs. shooting them in
your daily reminder that nick nyberg wanted to rape his young female relative and nafedude actually did.
ban bestiality in we dont visit countries where its legal to rape animals. outlaw animal sex!!
retweet if you'd love to tie up this sexy
sharing this for everyone, especially bluucircles and mostflogged who are usually the bbs i bug to tie my butt...
not nowadays mate, trailer park trash by the sounds of it. suppose it could be govan or anywhere
trailer park felicia let me fuck her!
it's almost always the same insult with them they call you, trash" accuse you of living in a trailer park.
there's too much trailer park trash kinda people in citrus county
trailer park boys is so god damn funny
smoke,fag and trailer park boys with the ma
yo we should make a show like trailer park boys, mile boy i swear we got to n roc
i'm a trash with precious valuables that's lost. yours should be right where the anus where you come out
white trash with a plain supreme t on these streets
anyone but you. you're a disgusting uncouth pig that poses as a man. white trash with some money
step off the stage, you don't belong belong in the trash with
trash with trash
i'm not a victor fan. he gets away with everything. i do like michael and lauren. but even y&amp;r is trash with pratt
it's jolly trash with wack ass bells
south jersey trash with green eyes"
you talkin shit? u bout to get hit
roll a j up n i take a hit, wake ha ass up, said its time to like damn where we bout to go, i started laughin, wher u bout to go?
when ur mom knows u bout to get fucked at the doctors and u just have to go with the flow.
hope you got your costco card ma, cuz u bout to get dick in bundles
you talkin shit? u bout to get hit
you talkin shit? u bout to get hit
did u? fuck em u bout to move on to better things anyway
lmao good looking god i kno next time. i'm bout to dm u bout some shit too
can tell u bout them gmc's my niqa dats dem grown man cries, staring straight in to this grown mans eyes..
bitches gettin hit with the so what u bout to do aye top of the morning ppl
when people start telling u rumors about getting off early, u already know u bout to work ur ass off. that shit never be true.
lemme tell u bout a bad ass chick errbody wanna grab her
are u fuckin kidding me?! idiot, you don't respect the privacy of the people. someday someone will kill u bc u r a asshole
just like what u said just a rumor", why u fuckin serious
are u fuckin serius jiminlive
are u fuckin serius redbonestar
tae u fuckin fuck
are u fuckin serius loveallraces
are u fuckin serius mikelee______
are u fuckin serius bwinfree_
are u fuckin serius rockstarsupport
u fuckin kidding me
are u fuckin serius carlavicoo carlavicoo
u fuckin tease
i found a condom in your dresser and u know how we get down fuckin clown!
are u fuckin
talk shit get banged u fuckin weapon
u fuckin piece of shit o told you
why u fuckin lying for that baby is massive how's it just come out of the womb
call me back u fuckin dweeb
you think u fuckin know me pal?
u fuckin wish
everyday christmas when u fuckin wit me#realshit
hi veryversae beer berry wtf is up hun u fuckin trying to kill my life by framing and suck error please notifyus to see u.
don't ever think u fuckin my wife yo ass gonna be burnin
how do u fuckin start a twitter
and y are u fuckin her
u fuckin wit it
bruh i'm so over my landlord calling me early in the morning.... talkin bout garbage pickup. like, i don't sleep often why u fuckin this up
are u fuckin serius mfnlove
are u fuckin serius bmajors
are u fuckin serius moi_diddy
are u fuckin serius strangerino_
are u fuckin serius daninouuuuuuuuu
are u fuckin serius
are u fuckin serius jackboi_diddy
are u fuckin serius itsmeangggg itsmeangggg
are u fuckin serius imaneatamao imaneatamao
are u fuckin serius faudbt faudbt
are u fuckin serius asics_zett asics_zett
are u fuckin serius calimosthated calimosthated
are u fuckin serius sendy sendy
are u fuckin serius irinacomparin irinacomparin
no one wants your crusty ass. it was gonna be on but they wanted to be there to see u get beat tf up
when u get a boot on ur car when ur in manhattan!!!!!!
how u get a bigass coat to shrink lol
better be getting ready at : so when hit u can grab it, hope u get it bro lol i hate when i miss shit like that
okay sorry! u know we are new in this shit sooooo don't get me wrong
glad i'm not a ugly
i just looked it up, like the old man that i am....sounds like some new agey shit to me
just look at lawrence taylor... these chicks will lie about their age then get your ass hemmed up like pants.
my gum teacher is dressed up like a fucking xmas present.
i'm gon count up like its calculus i get my name from this trappin shit
like it takes them twenty minutes with their canes to get up like tf my ass never wants to be like that
sucks dreaming of someone you love. because it's fun and all but then you wake up like shit.
shut up nigger, can't even spell right
look up steve harvey" and ull prolly see all of it still going
yeah, people who have to proclaim their morality, usually have very little. like josh duggar and shit.
my grandma is bringing over ravioli because we usually have a but lunch with spaghetti and turkey and shit on christmas but not this year
people: watch your language me: oh fuck, sorry
like there is other places you can watch your shitty football, so why do you think you own the lounge all of a sudden
on my privileged white ass eating a hamburger is not now and will never be the same as racism."
white ass
who said this? my lily white ass!"
if he don't get his lily white ass outta here.
wish i could block t swift out of my life i went on the itunes page i can't even enjoy myself her annoying white ass all over the screen
my momma don't like your ugly flat white ass but she likes wyd
yeah like me seeing you eating cold sandwiches all the time you white ass little boy! not mexicanbtw
i'm talking about his bare lily white ass
call his white ass cuz he sure ain't semitic or middle eastern.
if she doesn't shut her white ass up i hope she meets the wrong black people
just stormzy'd your white ass
sara jay got a big white ass
tell me why i had a dream that some white ass perfume caused the zombie apocalypse
lmao i know i'm playing bae i just miss your white ass
and i bet you any amount of money that their nasty, white ass ate this meat after taking this picture!
when santa squeezes his fat white ass down that chimney tonight, he's gonna find the jolliest bunch of assholes this side of the nuthouse.
my momma don't like your ugly flat white ass but she likes everyone
today is white girl wedensday! submit your big juicy white ass!
i hate .'s white ass morning show!!!
old clip of ricki white
what a saint. saint timothy. where the hell is pope francis when you need his charitable, lillywhite ass?
yo play with your hairy white ass
oh and don't compare jb to tupac either, we all know his white ass could never.
this betty white ass made the waiter take back the pancakes because her daughter didn't like the silly face
u know its coz blair has a white ass.. sic joke! isnt it???
they aren't coming in anymore bc your white ass forehead"
raunchy white ass bitches richelle ryan and lexxxi lockhart gives double blowjob
slap ya white ass isaiah got no chill!!!!
my white ass feet
why does this white ass midget thomas sanders keeping finding his way onto my tl
passionate girlie is bouncing her white ass on a...
i'm gonna turn around with a great smile, and walk my white ass back across mile.
white ass looks good when big" ohk
white ass looks good when big
now i'm shitting bricks wondering wtf is going on man she better not come to my door again ima cut her white ass
i need bob white ass to fix this shit. i'm gone melt.
proper response: d? oh please, do kiss my supple white ass."
feels like everyone on my bus to barrie is being the quintessential annoying white person. not that i really should be surprised...
gostei de um de showering more than once a day is a white person thing ft. david so
whistlestop, hobnail, truckdriving, oldfashioned, hayseed, inbred, unkempt, outofdate, white trash...
you're misguided. your analogy sucks. im white, and called other white people white trash. same demographic.
ain't first class but i ain't white trash. i'm wild and a little crazy too. some girls don't like boys like me, oh but some girls
can't get mad at white trash. they don't know any better.
i dont want to be in a country controlled by that rich spoiled white trash bastard who deserves to rot in hell!
ur white trash
i remember when we went to white trash we skipped the entire line.
the white trash is strong in this one
my avi is from the last white trash. i miss wtw
he's a freaking white trash
really hope someone fucks up my ex his white trash ass sister
fucking white trash!
my man there's nothing racist about a white boy calling other white boys white trash. shave the pubes off ya face
white trash not family threesome enjoy cardinalross!
when i say the white trash is near i wasn't kidding! who in the fuck would steal a fucking red lightbulb? lol
stephanie corbin i'll show you white trash
it's almost always the same insult with them they call you, trash" accuse you of living in a trailer park.
the is more of a delusional white trash racist cult than a political party.
honkies? new age white trash hipster????? bahahaha
this is so messy looolllll white trash at its finest
while is truly a loud mouth. your attacks on his apperance kinda prove your just more loud mouth white trash
frankly always felt that people who live off the concept of the middle class should be hunted down like vermin and jailed.
i'm fucking with niggas heads and they're paying for what you did
why tf is all these bitches in love with niggas in jail??
night ride with niggas
can't be in a relationship handing ya number out and tryna chill with niggas
just gonna send say goodbye by chris brown when i'm done with niggas
lol i don't even fuck with niggas
i fuck with niggas who fuck with me. i got enough brothers tho.
never came across a shorty who says she doesn't go out with niggas who ask her out over the phone i hope to never do.
i only roll with niggas that'll carry me to my hearse
now that i'm on i can pick choose, only f*ck with niggas who got shit to lose.
i get along with niggas who solid and never switch
lmao whole video birdman talking about some niggas in the crowd haha fuck with niggas too" straight from his...
aight i might link with niggas i'm in montclair but i got work to do
i don't fuck with niggas period get that understood!
if she hang with niggas she shone
when she is to cool with niggas that can only mean one thing
i put myself in some fucked up places messing with niggas who claim streets. but that's my bad!
when i try smoke with niggas ain't nobody got no weed
i'm really done with niggas lmao
fuckin with niggas in the same clap.
gbe we dont fuck with niggas
beefing with niggas that's you old niggas time is up
i'm beefing with niggas that post guns money but can't make bail now ain't that some shxt
i'm done with niggas lol
dealing with niggas is so fucking jarring. bye
i'm by myself in this shit i'm done with niggas
how tf you eat with niggas you can't even trust
it's a.m. and this man tells me could have niggas so mad over you. you like to fuck with niggas minds to get what you want."
the boy shit sad hear. real clean hearted go getter! might as well swap places with niggas doing nothing out here.
told my bro he needa stop kickin it with niggas like me
out here beefing with niggas no need to beef with my lady
i heard i'm beefing with niggas at glenn
iont fuck with niggas!!
not every team come equipped with niggas like ours
tired with niggas looking down on me
i can't fuck with niggas, i don't trust a soul gotta stay on my defense
i'm competing with niggas my older brother's age for the same chick shit was a very weird time
i like how you got your own and you don't fuck with niggas
i always stay two steps ahead when dealing with niggas!!
there's more girls then boys on the planet what's wrong with niggas smh
fuck you up too see you dont fuck with niggas no more
bitched with niggas cause they got momey but ant getting shit from him ha
you gotta hop on this money team cant have no broke mentality or fuck with niggas that aint tryna make dough dont get left behind
love you
yeh you know where i am you fag, come and say it to me in person
gotta love when you go above and beyond your job but get treated like shit for someone else's mistake. beyond ready for .
there you go
which of you niggers texted me bout michael kors stuff being on sale? i didn't save your number cause you're clearly a coonwhich
i dont tell you niggers what to eat so don't tell me what to eat either u shits
you niggers cut up too much over there
you niggers
you niggers on
yeah i took a shit on you niggers
you niggers in the way get shot in the way
lmfaooo which one of you niggers made this
you niggers are out of control.
love all you niggers
all you niggers stalking my twitter. hop off. niggas tryna catch the hands
boy they sleeping on you niggers about wake up
when someone says why don't you move out,it's code for sayin you niggers should be happy grateful here' as if we aint tied to hood fam
you niggers are so tsuntsun for my art
she don't do it for you niggers, but she do it for the team.
i'm at school and wow you niggers hate me
i could never take most of you niggers/bitches serious
alright fine, we won't help out the next time you niggers have a hurricane
you woke up this morning and found a tweet i tweeted you in september. i swear you niggers see me as a god.
you'r a moneywhore now let me work for you because i like that!!
you pos let me whip you constantly see if you don't jump at the snap of my fingers...poor animal...you r a pos!!!!
same crap happens at work, if u r even slightly pretty,not fat, you r an outcast by those feminazi's
hahaha. ur a cry sissy like the dishonest people you support.
i liked a video from stop blaming sony for shit you support defend elsewhere
if you use a shitty little plastic grinder for your weed you need to stop fucking about and invest in a metal one. this ain't a game.
what you use for your hair cause my shit need help
when you watch sungha and you just stand der like a dumbfuck with a uke on your hand.. kil mi nao
i don't understand this dude at all get over it your a fucking shit bag man gulity by association
i love her rn, she and everyone else knows your a twat.
your a disgusting person and i hope you realize that what your doing is so fucked up.
u don't really care your a pittspuke fan
happy birthday desfields your a major pain in the a$$ but i
had to make sure the definition didn't change on me. trump your a funny schlong.
so apparently i'm suppose to move from the right side of the hallway because your a princess? nash, fuck that, pay attention.
wanna surprise your friend we do it for you dm me
wanna surprise your friend we do it for you dm me
you sleep now since darnell not your nomore" gtf mikayla
just admit that you and your meathead friends think it's to call someone a and this hits close to him. grow up.
don't argue with him. he called me a fag, but is hiding behind an avi header that's not of him, lol. next.
so it's cool for them to threaten him and call him a fag, but when he retaliated he was wrong?
no, i blocked you because i requested nicely that you stop acting like a faggot, and you refused. piss.
chey is a fucking but i still love you.
what a fucking
the paparazzis should just go fucking get a job at mcdonalds selling them burgers. instead of invading the boys privacy
the paparazzis should just go fucking get a job at mcdonalds selling them burgers. instead of invading the boys privacy
you can have a job at so you aren't a damn child anymore. people act like year olds cant think for themselves
people don't just steal shoes off your feet for a living. get a job at mcdonalds you bum fuck.
basically got my bro a job at gnc unless he fucks up the interview
she's a real life girl in this fucked up world and i suggest you call her the one disposable world full of throwaway girls
i'm a real life loner like i dead ass don't fuck with no body
you can't be a white person who does black liberation theology. leave that to black people.
hey if you want to creep out a white person? sing and old negro spiritual. that really freaks them out.
a jew is a white person living under a stolen identity. i am a true hebrew israelite of my heavenly father yahweh.
i am so ready for a white trash christmas only white christmas we will have this year.
just googled music...i was expecting a white trash porn video to pop up...it did. it was erika jayne music video
it just aint christmas without white trash....tell em bob i'm dreamin' of a white trash christmas we'll...
nothing makes me feel back in high school like a white trash bonfire
someone just said to me like a white trash chess move" now, i'm not all that stupid, but wtaf does that mean.
my grandma isn't a white trash liar and whore... but is...
a white trash wide weird world christmas greeting.
a white trash pos
put you in a white trash bag, since you're white trash" gtg
oh yeah, your boyfriend doesn't do anything with his life cause he's a white trash piece of
i want a white trash cutie that needs a man to care for her: i am looking for a girl that doesn't have the
nope. its a white trash mentality. and you should really grow up and think about what you project. at present, youre a waste
we're gonna have a white trash party
like what in the hell. what a white trash piece of shit thing to do. got me heated at the mall.
he likes a white trash broad. lmao
of stars to my life as a white trash zombie by diana rowland
i'm with them on this. i've had to eat so much bad fried food, so disrespectful to me as a white trash american.
all these fucking years, all this learning and i'm still not strong enough.
all these fucking cars here and no one wants to take me to the fucking puente!!!
i'm not used to waking up to all these fucking kids bro. i can't do it
all these fucking reshoots, it's getting out of hand.
all these fucking jobs i applied for i need to get at least one shit
fins in wrapping all these fucking gifts
all these fucking pop punkmetal bands anymore just all sound the same. generic paint by numbers garbage. they all dress/look the same.
all these fucking scratches on me
i don't only h summer because i feel like i'm melting, i hate it because all these fucking spiders appear out of nowhere and enter my house
i got all these fucking gifts i wonder who got me one.
nothing makes me happier than cold bright days and all these fucking lovely people and nice food and films and pantos.
all these fucking appointments when will this shit end!!!
all these fucking nerds in denial that rey is the definition of a mary sue because they want star wars to be empiretier again smh
all these fucking animals infront of my
with all these fucking blue trinkets being spammed good luck getting fog of war to ult out of
all these fucking kids in my house
all these fucking lab rats
reaction to all these fucking engagement announcements on facebook
i realized why i'm never at school all these fucking weirdos like why people raise they kids like this
all these fucking aa ppl on the bus making me late
no tita, wala ako boyfriend. no plans to marry. repeat x to all these fucking xmas parties. fuck you all
im sick of all these fucking dramas
look at all these fucking headcanons i will never write into an actual fic!!!!!! fuck
god what is all of this all these fucking feelings why the hell do humans reproduce and bring other humans into this confusing mess
this christmas thing is gonna be fun its literally just much shit can we fuck up this year" and at all these fucking gag gifts"
all these fucking polls retweet if you want jose fav to sack van fraud get a fucking life or is it because schools finished for x@as
how tf am i gonna shop with all these fucking people.
man what all these fucking bills bra
like i'm legit scared to have sex. all these fucking diseases are real. it's really not worth my life.
ugh i shouldn't have gone on tumblr all these fucking ep spoilers
what's up with all these fucking ads
i took all these fucking pills and was promised sleep, yet here i am
i would smoke all these fucking cunts
wow santa is so fucking lucky he doesn't have to wrap all these fucking gifts
look at all these fucking mutuals it's not easy
i hate all these fucking apps
all these fucking connotations lmao literally just be straight up
omg all these fucking loud trucks stfu my hubby is trying to sleep!!! srsly
watching all these fucking dumb as shit youtube comment readings is a great way to spend the evening.
i will use the grail to get rid of all these fucking worms
tl looking like a damn cba. all these fucking questions
i hate all these fucking memes
so fed up with all these fucking dogs barking at nothing at am.
all these fucking pills he got omg
twitter not even the same no more with all these fucking ads and shit
so all these fucking adults are like yeah! snakes and shit!" so off we go
the one you want the most play all these fucking games mann fuck tht stupid shit
all these fucking ducks
tired of wrapping all these fucking presents
his kids have their own agency about being in an ad and should be held as accountable? back to sweden, cuntface.
feminism is fucking shit and should be called a terrorist organization.
understand that are also fucking humans and should be respected just the way you'd want to be
if you're basing this off my tweet meagan fox, fergie and bianca kajlich are all white. stop chatting shit pls
well we can judge them because they are all white inbreed rednecks. right?
are all white people gonna die" if someone said this about black people, all fuck hell would break loose
i'm surprised the media doesn't do a story on disney being racist because the seven dwarfs are all white
both animals are in my room it's like a real mexican standoff
the pork steak, the cake, the wine the soda fuck are in my stomach
feeling like a dickhead telling someone they are in my seat in the cinema... but i had a good seat!
they are both pretty fucking hideous, do you think they wore bags over their heads?
remember when niggas really hard to put plastic bags over their j's on rainy days? lol
% of republicans should be killed for abject stupidity.
i should be killed for being a white man
why you shouldn't give a fuck of all muslims are against you can legally be killed for leaving islam
people who try to rob stores and shoot people a week before christmas are fucking losers. they should be killed for even trying.
no lovin no kissin no cuffin these hoes
i don't be cuffin these hoes
when your chest hurt because you tired of savin and cuffin these hoes
i don't be cuffin these hoes, i just be fuckin these hoes.
y'all better stop cuffin these hoes next year
i don't be cuffin' these hoes, i just be bustin these hoes that's just the way that it go
i don't be cuffin' these hoes i just be bustin these hoes
cuffin these hoes thats where u went bad at
s/o to the ft carson niggas that's cuffin these hoes tho, y'all the real mvp
cuffin these hoes that's where you went bad at
im allergic to cuffin these hoes
i don't be cuffin' these hoes i just be bustin these hoes
i don't be cuffin these hoes
no cuffin these hoes no cuffin these
they might as well since they cuffin these hoes anyway
dont be cuffin these hoes.
i be cuffin these hoes, i don't be smashing these hoes.
then why you cuffin these
we aint cuffin these hoes we aint the police!!!!
why y'all cuffin these hoes man
i ain't be cuffin these hoes i just be fuckin these hoes
stop cuffin these hoes
these niggas be cuffin these hoes that be flip floppin but not the ones that been down for them since day one,
u cuffin these hoes u don't know no better
stop cuffin' these hoes in
i gotta stop cuffin these hoes rns
u be lookin like stop cuffin these hoes
ion be cuffin these hoes i just be bussin these hoes.
cuffin these hoes mane that's where you went bad at
big brother told me don't be cuffin these hoes
why do people stay cuffin these hoes smh..
ian da one posed to be cuffin these hoes what i look like captain save a
no cuffin these hoes, no cuffin these hoes
u cuffin these hoes
i don't be cuffin' these hoes i just be bustin these hoes
i don't be cuffin these hoes, i just be bustin in these hoes.
stop cuffin these hoes.
im wayy tooo ugly to be tootin n bootin i needa start cuffin these hoes lol
damn, you was cuffin these hoes that young? it's ok tho fam, fdb
no cuffin these hoes so u know that im wid it
let me find out yall cuffin these hoes for christmas
no lovin these hoes no cuffin these hoes they all for the smash
you cuffin these hoes i just do the dash
no cuffin these hoes
no cuffin these hoes
cuffin these hoes, man there where you went bad at
its cuffin season, but i ain cuffin these hoes
we don't follow faggots like you! go back to mommy and cry!
it's christmas bro what you expect time to lepak and disturb faggots like you
but i don't give hysterical faggots like you the time of day.
you're all wrong! it's faggots like you guys that make up bullshit lies! stop acting innocent
because we laugh about faggots like you, who only have football twitter. without it you're nothing
it past your bed time. no wonder no one reads that garbage on vice because faggots like you write shit
i have bruh n i'm still here i used to work in a pub dealt with faggots like you daily now what? back to jerkin..
tried reviving it multiple times and got like comments per thread lmfaoooo nv has no fans except the few faggots like you
the reason i don't feel sorry is because faggots like you can't just go watch the movie, i'm not stopping you from enjoying it
lol thats your argument? faggots like you always make a silly fool out of themselves.
faggots like you ruin tv shows
we have everything y'all have except faggots like you
also, im not standing up for her. im standing up for our gender's reputation because faggots like you ruin it
or annoying faggots like you
is there a term for black dick obsessed faggots like you?
hurting or annoyed at faggots like you? find out in the next episode of dbz
fuck outta here go get yours
the outta here" is killing my lungs
fuck outta here
she getting all mad but she's the one distancing herself from me soo fuck outta here
goddamn flower. fuck outta here with that psycho mantis shit.
racism? get the fuck outta here
baltimore shouldn't even be proud of this shit fuck outta here dummy
after christmas all ima see is new year new me" fuck outta here
fuck outta here vice
out of office on and i'm gettin da fuck outta here byeeeee...
all the people slandering r kelly were the same ones belting ignition remix at the bars last night fuck outta here
fuck outta here:):)) it's louis' birthday why has harry gotta steal the spotlight
fuck outta here
i'd serve the fuck outta them drinks, fuck outta here.
but wait, are these the people i want back in my life wen i'm better? fuck outta here
i just spent on myteam packs and my best player i got was nene get the fuck outta here k
anything for them they start to say that they've done so much like fuck outta here
kim k has her own emojis now...jesus christ and of course she has to make some sort of money out of it . in app store fuck outta here
ew fuck outta here with that shit
you know how many people message us asking why ur so obsessed and how annoying you are?? lmfao get the fuck outta here
fuck outta here with that
i will not be bullied by a damn kid. get the fuck outta here with your bullshit.
fuck outta here
fuck outta here
don't ever put my name on that lazy shit fuck outta here
yooooo my wrist hurt so bad tho. seriously need to get my plate or screws or whatever the fuck outta here.
get the fuck outta here?!?!?! omgggg
can't believe some of the r. kelly stuff i'm seeing. don't pile on because white people do it to us? get the fuck outta here.
fuck outta here^^
can't wait to graduate and get the fuck outta here
get the fuck outta here
was born this way' no you fucking wasn't. you wasn't born into a world where male ah love male female ah love female. fuck outta here.
get the fuck outta here
ain't talking money fuck outta here...
get me the fuck outta here!
im bout to get the fuck outta here.
like get the fuck outta here who are you speak that bs to someone else because you cannot give me any advice
fuck her nickname gon be fuck outta here
lol your face is not symmetrical fuck outta here
fuck outta here with your bullshit. done with your
last day of work till the th i cudnt be more happier to get the fuck outta here haha
get those uggs the fuck outta here
everyone must be like get the fuck outta here
and since i can't wear roshes in the rain i'm wearing my boots to work. fuck outta here.
probably mad cuz her edges gone outta here
it's like emory doesn't want me to leave...an f in comp sci? get the fuck outta here with that shit dude. my last requirement....god dammit
fuck u talking bout going to college the grass ain't even cut
u moron what the fuck u talking about
the fuck u talking too
the fuck u talking about
niggas want me dead everyday i wake up fuck u talking bout you ain't talking paper huhhhhh
if you not sucking dick don't just post snaps of you talking. fuck u talking so much for but not sucking dick
who the fuck u talking to
da fuck u talking about
boy cat fuck u talking about
who the fuck u talking about
fuck u talking to me for
obviously it is if i laugh fuck u talking bout
fuck u talking bout
fuck u talking about nathan
the fuck u talking about.if i dont love u then fuckin suit urself for that situation. how is that possible
make up bookings dm me" you put a bit of shimmer on her eyelids and gloss on her lips fuck u talking about bookings
fuck u talking about that ant my man that shit no good
who the fuck u talking to???
fuck u talking bout
cavs gone go...fuck u talking about
what rich fuck u talking bout u feel guilty
the fuck u talking about
fuck u talking bout
nah u don't fuck u talking bout
fuck u talking mf's used to be bomb
fuck u talking
fuck u talking bout homie, run up get dun up
i don't who the fuck u talking to
funny when folks try to talk to you but youn fw fuck u talking to me for
who the fuck u talking to lol not my fault you u don't talk to me anymore
im here everyday the fuck u talking about
i'll tag her in if fuck u talking about
the fuck u talking bout ya fuckin skelper yer maws a bin man
fuck u talking bout grammy
every day is pretty much white out day in the media, the fuck u talking about
i was like da fuck u talking about
ed sold out days at wembley stadium fuck u talking about
well fuck you too
did lion maker wanna fuck you too
will smith dont gotta cuss in his raps to sell records, well i do, so fuck him and fuck you too.
lmaaooo, fuck you too
well fuck you, too.
penalizes the lawabiding fuck you, too,
fuck you too
fuck the world, and fuck you too!
fuck you too
fuck you too
well then fuck you too
fuck you too
fuck you too
fuck you too after effects
fuck you too
fuck you too winter, houston don't want you round here anyways
fuck you too, mom." she rolls her eyes. leaving."
i don't play over". if it's fuck me.. you can bet your ass it's fuck you too.
fuck u fuck u and fuck you too
well fuck you too
fuck you too
lol shut up saul, i'm not starting anything.. i'm just stating the facts but it's iight fuck you too
k thanks k thanks k thanks. fuck you too
awwww fuck you too
yea, well fuck you too and have a nice day. butt hurt because you're still brainwashed huh?
i try to help and people just shoot me down. well fuck you too.
well fuck you too
i woke up at pm and it's dark again already. fuck you too, winter.
fuck you too
i know everybody is happy its gonna be for christmas eve but fuck you too
fuck you too
i'll frown if i want to. fuck you too.
yeah, fuck you too
fuck you too
fuck you too
left rockwell at , jgh now. fuck you too, traffic
fuck you too buddy
you too, santa."
i don't know who you are, but fuck you too!
the fact my mom said she wants to make cookies and candy with laura today, and i have to clean my room while they do them.fuck you too mom.
fuck you too, fluffybuns. fuck youuuu
oh fuck you too
omg was she like fuck you too!!" i mean did she freak out or she just unfriended u right away
hey. fuck you too, ios.
day hahahaha fuck you too
well fuck you too
wearing my obnoxiously red christmas corduroys to work, because go to hell fuck you, too.
i fucking hate you guys
i fucking hate you
if it was mine i'd be pissed but it wasn't mine so i fucking hate you
beating your kids won't teach them respect it'll teach them to fucking hate you lmao
im not mad at you......... i fucking hate you."
i wanna tell you how i fucking hate you right now.
i fucking hate you tbh
if you have antlers on your car i fucking hate you.
i fucking hate you
fucking rat i fucking hate you
fucking hate you amber berkitt
i fucking hate you lmao
bro i fucking hate you lmfaoooolol i'm crying
i fucking hate you, i really want them
i fucking hate you omg it got
love you know you love me? no!! i fucking hate you!! page: someone ends up beheaded*
got new jeans like days ago n went to wipe a foundation off them n took the colour right out them:))) topshop i fucking hate you
i fucking hate you
lol i fucking hate you
ruining humanity everyone's life for your own self gain!!! we fucking hate you so fucking much!!!!! sick fuck!
fuck you boob! you are the worst thing i even got!!!!! i fucking hate you!!!!!!!! fuck you boob!!!!!!!
god, i fucking hate you.
i fucking hate you tbh
i fucking hate you tbh
i fucking hate you for this
i fucking hate you
i fucking hate you
i fucking hate you
i hate the word so fucking much and if you ever say it near me i'll probably cry and then fucking hate you:)
i fucking hate that's exactly what bullying is, or cyberbullying much more like.
i fucking hate you lauren its m
and i don't know whyyy, why i fucking hate you soooooo much
if you decided that grocery shopping today and tomorrow was a good idea i fucking hate you
no worries, p.s i fucking hate you... p.p.s see you at x
we fucking hate you
i fucking hate you tbh
can't wait till my entire ig feed is full of white girls new lotion, body wash, leggings, underwater...like fuck off...we get it..your basic
existential question: if hillary gets confused and uses her fake negro dialect in a room full of white hispanics, is she still pandering?
i have no right to complain about my bro being an asshole to me when i'm also and asshole
my mother now: why the fuck are you tired, you haven't been doin anything at all today you have no right to be tired
hes fucking im dead he looks like a y/o with lots of hair gel being potty trained
some think he's cool but others think he looks like a fish that's been washed up on the beach for weeks
he looks like shit
okey i found my new crush and fuck he looks like god
wtf he looks like annoying ass derion!
you're fucking bent. slagging off a lad for what he looks like, low
shoot that his shorty" jokes
how many niggers are at my door
, , , , , ... how many niggers are in my store
oh gosh. the racists come out the closet again. let's see how many steve harevy gets called
how many niggers are in my store by funny vines)
i liked a video how many niggers are in my store?
i liked a video how many niggers are in my store vine
ironically you abused thorn every day in year one and now suddenly everyone who does is a according to u
t ross is a fag, he got lucky and so did joseph
freak hoes, freak hoes, bounce that ass make your knees touch your elbows
so like is a faggot, but i still love him i guess
i can't eat, sleep, or shower in peace w/o steve being right by me his ass is a fuckin
is a fuckin good year to our fandom
walking around this school is a fuckin mission shit huge
i look at you but all i see is a fuckin scrub
life is a fuckin lottery
i would vote no but my gf is a fuckin gemini
and mrs crook is a fuckin g for all the food she just gave me
i want to not have to keep regretting vulnerability. safe vulnerability is a fuckin fantasy when youre us.
i spent dollars for nothing this is not an emoji tjis is a fuckin photo im about to sue kim kardashian
the zoo(nigeria) army are boko haram no doubt bout that whoever is doubting is a fuckin' dead head
u see exblaspheminganonvictoria is a fuckin mouthful but it's never been changed and now. it's just my own personal cringey meme
jingle bell kopites smell klopp is a fuckin flop they all hold hand after a all draw and go an salute the kop and again
pharoahe monch is a fuckin monster.
this dude is a fuckin moron
is a fuckin savage
everyone is a fuckin snake these days. trust no one. they will fuck you over.
your dad is a fuckin savage
lee reams is a fuckin phony
i miss you so bad is a fuckin good song
wrapping presents is a fuckin pain in the fuckin arse
getting jeans to fit your butt, waist, thighs and leg length is a fuckin challenge these days
years lukas graham is a fuckin tune
getting jeans to fit your butt, waist, thighs and leg length is a fuckin challenge these days
my uncle is a fuckin clown
today is a fuckin joke why am i here
ashton has every right to say that, there is a fuckin line to draw. leave ashton alone
wearing my rain boots is a fuckin work out
my bestfriend is a fuckin goof
the mall is a fuckin mess do not go it's hell
this weather is a fuckin disgrace. stoner's worst day
my dad is a fuckin' prick, y'all don't even know!! so very angry!!! why'd y'all think i ran away..
khoro is a fuckin moron
getting jeans to fit your butt, waist, thighs and leg length is a fuckin challenge these days
jayden seyfarth is a fuckin' rat gtg xo
just been to asda didn't realize there is a fuckin war on
this is a fuckin joke right?
your not the only one i bought oc and every chest engram is a fuckin crest but my friend gets twilight back back
fetty wap is a fuckin kingggggggggg
wow this is a fuckin commercial?????
mac is a fuckin roast monster i swear
worrying about wasting time is a fuckin waste of time
i can't say this enough, the sports illustrated site is a fucking disaster with allies ads.
stitches is a fucking bop
if your job is a fucking dickwad im not respecting that. not. at. all.
he is absolutely nuts. over the course of sos being home i've seen what he does he is a fucking psychopath. he has no respect for anyone.
everybody is a fucking lawyer and have rights now..and have a camera ready to point and shoot
swear my coworker is a fucking dumbass
my brother is a fucking fgt.
ravi is a fucking embarrassing meme i can't believe i always stan the embarrassing memes.
dumb and dumber is a fucking bop
do you think this is a game? do you think this is a fucking game? shaking presents
my niece is a fucking
whoever said cat condo is a great investment in neko atsume" is a fucking liar and i hope their cats turn on them turn into satan
sehun is a fucking tower
kyouji is a fucking dick i love it
it is a fucking brilliant album in general
the man in the high castle is a fucking brilliant show i recommend
this is a fucking nightmare
everything you see is a fucking goal
kendrick lamar is a fucking gem.
this is a fucking family trip and i'm the only one that has actually looked things up and done shit
bro my stepdad is a fucking trapper
my nephew is a fucking cry baby to be fucking years old omfg lmao im pissed off that im up rn
marlene is a fucking dumbass
so yall had to have a cowboys topic smh this is a fucking shame they are done but.. time to turn off the tv
my bestfriend is a fucking baddie y'all sleeping on the kid
not gonna lie but that is a fucking disgrace what happened in that press conference for lvg to feel he had to get up and leave!!
the outdoor channel is a fucking joke
lmfao guy is a fucking joke. he'll get fired in a few weeks though so it's good
this is a fucking ridiculous joke
louis is a fucking angel
having long thick hair is a fucking nightmare
banks pay no tax in . this is a fucking disgrace. this is a national scandal. worst of all this is legal.
harry is a fucking masterpiece jesus
van gaal is a fucking boss tbh
howell is a fucking tool for the heartless fucks in the va gop, all of you can kiss my ass! terry kilgore is a piece of shit!
donde ves la gracia? en fin, que yo sepa no es un tuit de humor, but the people is a fucking shit.
black people, when will you stop trying to please other ethnicities? one mistake and your ass is a nigger, monkey, etc...
this world is full of shitty ass people who love fucking up other people's days. even around christmas time. smh.
damn north is full of some
wow i just saw someone boasting about being a side chick. twitter is full of hoes.
when your family is full of hoes
but i rewatched that part yesterday and that person sure is full of shit
lmfao getting gassy during nasty time is the ultimate worst tho fr esp when you just ready to get filthy
the fact that ax handles are made of wood is the ultimate fuck you to trees.
maybe if i ain't fuck up you'd see that i only got it for you
working on it for
if she know all the lyrics to an ass so big like the sun" i'm so sorry y'all, but she shone
you know all the molesters in the family that drinks eggnog
you're a shitty dad and my sisters will definitely know all the shit you have done
you a lame nigga, you dont got no say so
you a lame nigga, you ain't w/ it
if you trip over a lame nigga, you just as lame as him
i feel like a faggot, sometimes i feel like a girl, sometimes i feel like a guy!" it's called confusion/life.
lascivious indian whore rides her lover's dick like a true cowgirl
spoken like a true fuck boy.
spoken like a true asshole
lascivious indian whore rides her lover's dick like a true cowgirl
spoken like a true democratic
delaware so small if you feel like you need these weird niggas to solidify your future you weird to
and i'm like need this job, don't quit" do you know i fucking need it??? i want to quit" and then i tell him to
people like you need some fucking sympathy for others
how many niggers are at my door
, , , , , ... how many niggers are in my store
, , , , , ... how many niggers are in my store
how many niggers are in my store by funny vines): how many niggers are in my
how many niggers are in my store?
i liked a video how many niggers are in my store from the bottom remix)
i liked a video how many niggers are in my store vine
, , , , , .... how many niggers are in my store
, , , , , ... how many niggers are in my store
how many niggers are in my store? and hows ur life been since the quit life lol
hillary is married to a rapist.
is married to a right twat
really? hilary is married to a sex addict. you would think she could either lighten up or leave the big schlong.
r. kelly got married to a year old girl we know by the name of aaliyah. this dude has a history of this bullshit.
out and proud and married to a wonderful man. deal with it you bigoted fuck
some parents be like; we can get u married to a complete stranger let u handle his whole fucking family but we won't let u live ur
so yixing is married to a girl but yixing likes another man omfgggg this is so fucking cute and that man likes yixing tooo bromanncee bruh
only relevant if was married to a convicted perjurer and rapist.
you ask me one more question and i'm beating the shit out of you!
the last thing i would want to happen in life again is to let someone fucked me up like that and this time i'll truly die!
she suck me up like
i witnessed someone getting rolled today and it fucking boiled me up like crazy, and it still fucking is
bro comes in my room and wakes me up like this and scares the living shit out of me and says get breakfast"
you know what happened, bob beat me up like he does every other fucking day
literally everything was so fucking shitty and then these past two days just lifted me up like some kind of revival
i got dis cougar an she blow me up like im her child ah sum shit
i'm fvcking cold, warm me up like a wild fire hahaha
i cannot believe a book fucked me up like this
this movie fucked me up like i cant even explain enough how sad this movie made me:(
i don't get why dudes that have girls hit me up like if i had a boyfriend i wouldn't want him doing that shit to me
this really fucked me up like i don't know how to breathe anymore
why did life decide to fuck me up like this? why can't everything run smooth and contempt instead of shit happening every seconds damnit
y are u fucking me up like this?
it's not even that. i thought he came really far. i loved him up until this past yr. he's hypocrite, fuck nigga, and his music
yall niggers are in the hood?
one cummie two cummie three cummie four how many niggers are in my store
how many niggers are in my store
, , , , , ... how many niggers are in my store
, , , , , ... how many niggers are in my store
how many niggers are in my store
how many niggers are in my store?
my niggers are in position when they ring the bell
i liked a video how many niggers are in my store?
,,,, how many niggers are in my store?
how many niggers are in my store jk
i have no right to complain about my bro being an asshole to me when i'm also and asshole
no. don't start. he should get his privacy. you have no right to be on my page saying this ignorant crap.
my mother now: why the fuck are you tired, you haven't been doin anything at all today you have no right to be tired
theres a fucking limit to everything. you have absolutely no right to do this kind of shit that could harm his family
i'm the definition of white trash ballin'
u make sweeping broad judgements about inner city. i know plenty of white trash in detroit that acts the same way.
white trash boy names ted movie comeback: here is our list of white trash boy names john and ted from the mo...
you see what kind of white trash nonsense i have to deal with all the time?"
eli: emma you're a piece of white trash and you don't deserve to be around me
trump supporters trumpsters which sounds like dumpsters which are just collections of white trash.
white trash girl names ted movie rebuttal: john and ted from the movie have their list of white trash
okay, today i quit smoking. i've reach that level of white trash that my dog smells like cigarettes
i don't know what's scarier, walking down mile in the dead of night through detroit, or the amount of white trash at southland mall
it's more so the benefits of doubt rather than judged with an already negative perception of white trash or a white thug.
you're acc the definition of white trash i beg you fuck off
love kesha, my favourite piece of white trash ever" hahahah oh my god, savage
they're high schoolers. they're quite aware of white trash hate. this is their world, too. no one expects you to understand.
i've eaten a whole pound of white trash today i'm not ashamed at all.
name is earl" has a beautiful and accurate representation of white trash america
this just continues to concrete what a tasteless, classless, piece of white trash is, what a dbag!
well a new low is the real housewives of cheshire. england thankfully you have equal levels of white trash bitches like america does
he's the epitome of white trash but in a good unproblematic way tbh when will my favs
called into work early on the last shift
today is gonna be one of those depressing ass days. help.
its one of those synchronized shit on kate days today.
oh bruh i have one of those cute ass yoshi amiibos now so ill be buying wolly world you can borrow it
i'm one of those nice kids who is very patient and takes a lot of bullshit from people but push the wrong button and i'm a new person
she upfront watching one of those court shows right? it goes on commercial and she says come onnn! shit! keep going on commercial for?!"
this is either a porno about to happen or those two guys just got in over their heads....cause those bitches r mean!
bitches be way over their heads when the don't even have the talent to back them up, tf
dad: so i finally got an email back from hasbro mom: did you kick their asses and take their weiners and pull them over their heads?!
i have no right to be hurt, coz i am always at fault. i have no right to be nega, coz i harbor nega. i have no...
i love how jayden acts like we have no right to be mad and we are far up ashton's ass"
ash has every right to be pissed he wants to be with his family after so long he only has fucking days thats not enough
around make him angry, ash had every right to be angry and the whole smashed a phone is complete bullshit
kh: where sora just heard people are bad' and killed them all based on what one person said. it was pretty fucked up.
louis: my french is shit the way he said it was awesome
said it was bum rape mark"
i hate the faggots who get like kills on nuke town, but don't have any flag captures etc
the faggots who are excusing/defending pia bareback are the same faggots who were crying for jennifer laude's murder some months ago amazing
a beautiful day with hannah and brodie. death to the faggots who try to prevent days like these
where all the faggots who jumped on the southampton band wagon?
i hate the faggots who do countdown videos and try to be hammy like fuck off this isn't your big internet video break just read the card.
if you post about daddy sixty more times you will finally be as unoriginal as the rest of the faggots who post it incessantly
i still find it hilarious that half the faggots who told me to be nicer to fucking knock knock are now trying to meme it.
can the faggots who don't vote bloodplay please just sudoku already
well yea the faggots who just say it to try and troll are annoying
i hope the faggots who did that get malaria
shoutout to all the faggots who try and start shit.
face when i voted for bayo where are all the faggots who said it was impossible that such a lewd character
how the fuck do year olds get hold of drugs??? at that age i couldn't even get hold of a pack of
firstly who the fuck do you think you are to even begin to believe you have a say in what harry needs or doesn't need to do in order to look
i don't understand her reasoning. how the fuck do we love islam when we don't observe religion, period?
where the fuck do you live honey
thank fuck for lvg what the fuck do the utd board think of him! and by the looks of it he's staying put
how the fuck do i wrap boxes with wrapping paper it's more fucking difficult than art class
what the fuck do you want? they both trying to have sex in videos. she's in underwear, he's shirtless. and what?
how the fuck do you dream about people you never seen before i stay seeing new faces in my dreams
how the fuck do i manage to fuck everything up
there's a scientist that wants to make mosquitoes extinct. where the fuck do i sign up for this?
why the fuck do i keep seeing shit about scorpios
what the fuck do you think i am made of sparkles
how the fuck do you wrap a present
where the fuck do you live its :am
i held open my bag and was like what the fuck do you think i'm doing carrying christmas crackers around'
i have to sign my lease and the dude sent it through email, how the fuck do i esign or whatever
he was like why the fuck do you care about these celebrities. shay tweeted minutes!' what's in minutes?"
how the fuck do girls piss on the seat
why the fuck do you care?...
why the fuck do people come up with new words for shit we already have? don't you have anything better to do?
okay i'm being forced to take a trip before january st....where the fuck do i go on such short ass notice?
why the fuck do you want him so bad
everyone needs to back the fuck up off of or else i will have to take action. like who the fuck do you think you are?!
lol what the fuck do you want to eat boy?!
why the fuck do people sit there like i'm going to leave all the negative stuff behind me next year?
why the fuck do i have a sore throat
where the fuck do you work at
why the fuck do i have the strange urge of wearing a dress?
what the fuck do you she turned to the other drunken
omg who the fuck do you get to make all of these you dirt
why the fuck do i have glitter in my hair
why the fuck do i keep waking up sweating in my bed in all my years this didn't start happening till recent
who the fuck do u think i'm kissing snapchat? assholes
why the fuck do i look and pasty as hell
why the fuck do people keep canceling plans with me
when there is a massive queue of traffic, why the fuck do people beep their horn? like thats gonna make it go any faster.
how the fuck do you harvest oxygen??? lmaooooo
what the fuck do united do from here.
how the fuck do you go over gb hahahah
what the fuck do i have to be sad for? my life is looking very very bright and the future is even brighter..abandoning me aint stopping tht
where the fuck do i get the fried riice recipie i fucking forget??? i need it to feed colette like bell peppers???
why the fuck do i still love you??? help please t_t
me with no money: i want everything... me with money: what the fuck do i buy
why the fuck do everyone whispers infront of me
where the fuck do you live wtf
how the fuck do you ride a motorcycle in a dress
what the fuck do the glazers have to do with the fact managers are interchangeable in the modern game?
why the fuck do you do that.
wrapped all my presents last night and they all look like shit
jesus fuck, woman, just pick one already. they all look the same anyways.
you could dress like an astronaut and shit in your suit to make it more authentic.
well, your north pole ass was never going to make it in the heat here anyways i'll find another way to get what i want.
what a fag&gt;&gt;&gt; jeb: trump said islamic state isn't a threat breitbart via
already bought and read them. please sent white trash and wolf to my place for christmas, thanks in advance!
used to keep a in a shoe box, now i bang baretta, she's and i keep her in a tube top, white trash and all
when the only thing you looking forward to on christmas day is dessert: white trash and red velvet cake
eli: emma you're a piece of white trash and you don't deserve to be around me
you have a taste for white trash and slamming lines..." isn't pulling any punches when it comes to our upstairs neighbor
we made white trash and i'm just sitting here eating it while it dries...whoops
i'm white trash and i'm in trouble
white trash and buckeyes.
curvature of the earth ass forehead i'm white i can say you white trash and know i'm right
im a peice of fucking white trash and i say it proudly
nah but we do need a restraining order against white trash and bad twitter trolls
a new snot nosed hostess said she's quitting because we're all white trash and i can't help but think....maybe you right lol
they do if your fans think you're poor, white trash and banging your mom little sister.
she's white trash and immature for calling you out.
you're making it seem as if miley isn't bashed daily for being white trash and isn't praised for her outfits
the only people who smoke are white trash and europeans
they call em' red neck, white trash, and blue collar....
they call me redneck, white trash and blue collar. but i could change all that if i had a couple million dollars.
white trash and i'm in trouble"
i am part of the weirdest group chats. robbers" trash" and beads"
send to fl. we could use some west coast hipsters to balance out the white trash and rednecks
gimme a fuckin mic white trash and rednecks the winner of miss universe is the genetic freak holla if ya hear me
he calls us white trash and then runs away?
huge difference between white trash and country
i'm white trash and i'm in trouble.
you call us white trash and bigots and we say nothing. we say anything negative about you and you cry racism.
went wit a lame
all yall be saying that don't fck wit columbus females niggas"... all yall tryin fck the same ppl mess wit a lame or something
don't stay wit a lame
she was not fuckin around wit a lame das why i treat all dese bitches da same
you fuckin wit a lame, okay go head, hit me when you wanna get put up on game
she fucking wit a
from now on ima start judging niggas off the bitches they fuccin with if you fucc wit a lame den niggas yousa lame
when you wasted years of your life fucking wit a
gone head and take all that off you ain't fucking wit a lame
let her know i'm next.....if she wasn't fucking wit a lame, or dumb, she wouldn't be in
heard shawddy fucking wit a lame man
just know u ain't fuckin wit a lame baby
u ain't fuckin wit a lame
i wont even fuck wit a lame on my best day
long story short she was use to fucking wit a lame
fuckin wit a lame gon have you feelin like a lame
run up on me imma bang uan f.ckin wit a lame
i need cuff her before she fucks wit a lame....
all my old bitches even pregnant and fucked up or cuffed wit a lame thats finna be they ex in da future
you fuckin wit a lame you know it
you prolly fuck around wit a lame now
nvm u were fuckin wit a lame haha
a female is a reflection of her so baby i hope u anit fuckin wit a
rarely had that music and if they did chilled with the white culture while blacks did crack making the s
wait are we talking about anyone specific or just talking about boys who have come down with the white trash disease in general
that's why i fucks with the white ppl
a what??? christ, even my most bent friends i have a few) would call you a if you wore this. lordy lordy
no one called you a fag, bro. you did that yourself
make me mad i'm calling you a fag, bitch, all types of names
when you finally block the girl who called you a fag, bitch,and much more. then u&amp; ur friends rejoice
you a lame.. everyday niggas gon fade you in the group chat.. u a poser..
you a lame duck boy you a peion
you a lame you a scrub
you a lame
you a lame
manhunt lit period. if you haven't played it you a lame ass mf
but you fuck wit yo twin harder than anyone else so you straight
if you fuck wit mi yu shudnt be afraid to show that shyt
if you fuck wit dis song and wanna see me performing in your city soon tag a
do you fuck wit da war?
if you ain't hangin n callin or showin you fuck wit me now
ima fuck with you the same way you fuck wit me
first time you fuck wit me dawg i let dem killas go....(real shit)
if you from and you fuck wit me listen and watch these new visuals from support good music
you fuck wit a savage u need me the most i hop outta traffic
don't you fuck wit me
fuck looks.. shawty do you fuck wit crooks?
you fuck wit the opps you a opp too
my kids are my world you fuck wit them your life over
if you fuck wit dis song and wanna see me performing in your city soon tag a
if you fuck wit dis song and wanna see me performing in your city soon tag a
you fuck wit get , we all that we got
jus because you fuckin me dnt mean you fuck wit me
you fuck wit other niggas i won't even bother
you look like you fuck wit the enemies
keep the amount of people you fuck wit to a minimum.
say you fuck wit me,but holla fuck me ona down low
aye bro you fuck wit this?
i kno you fuck wit me
nonsense....the pogues you fuck wit!!
hey i have an idea. why dont you stfu you fuck wit and leave alone
if you fuck wit all your exes you shone
i am... but if you fuck wit me ima be the biggest asshole in the world.
i'm the type to give you all the space in the world. if fuck wit me you fuck wit me if you don't them i'm like
i hope your man knows of all of the games you play and the other niggas you got stored away somewhere in ur phone that you fuck wit
if you fuck wit dis song and wanna see me performing in your city soon tag a promoter
if you fuck wit dis song and wanna see me performing in your city soon tag a
watch out for who you fuck wit
you fuck wit tbs bro
you fuck wit coffee??? damn. what kind?
look like you fuck wit the enemies cuuuuh"
i fuck wit you like you fuck wit me
if you fuck wit me don't fuck wit my
i don't fuck wit a lot of people cause the less people you fuck wit, is the less people who can fuck you over
like you, you've got an attitude" the only reason i have an attitude is because your a
people thinking your a cunt, when they don't know your story
even my mum thinks your a
your a i'm a look at that i want to ruin your so versatile
your a dirty toenail thats been up someones butthole
it's easy to do when your a dirty dog
your a dirty fucked up pedo and everyone wants you too
your a dirty fucking lier
im being sarcastic, i dont need your ratings lad your a dirty unorganised sperm cell
i'm sorry about snowflame. lol. but yes. their talking about the fact that your a dirty skeleton fucker]]
