3-warning: penny boards will make you a faggot 
 1-fuck dykes 
 1-at least i dont look like jefree starr faggot 
 1-is a fag" jackie jealous" neeeee 
 3-you heard me bitch but any way i'm back th texas so wtf u talking about bitch ass nigga 
 1-your a dirty terrorist and your religion is a fucking joke, you go around screaming allah akbar doing terrorist shit. dirty faggot. 
 1-rt looking like faggots? 
 1-well i thought you knew actually rt man why y'all didn't tell me i was a dick riding ass faggot? y'all not real 
 3-i know. it was a joke, faggot. 
 3-i'm tired of people saying i look like my brother calling me deondre' like serious succ my ass fag asses 
 1-yeah. cuz  million people in faggot ass are jews&gt; fuck them right? fuck bibi netanyahu. right? 
 1-word is you use roids, stupid hypocrite lying faggot. 
 1-i hate faggots like you 
 1-shut up nigger whore! hope u get raped by one of those animals. might change your tune. 
 1-fuck you nigger sheboon. hope you r strung up like all niggers should be. whitepower. 
 1-they used to tie both ends of a niggers legs to  different horses and beat him as the horses spread until his legs break smh 
 1-good night fags and fagettes the female version of fags like fagettes to make it female) i hate you all. 
 3-i cant stand no crybaby ass nigga. if you gonna act like a bitch i will leave yo ass after i instavideo yo stupid lookin ass 
 1-rt no you're a nigger 
 3-fuck you til you love me faggot" mike tyson 
 1-what's your problem? don't u know jews control niggers? read a book or two. 
 1-i fucking hate you niggers bruh... 
 0-rt some species of birds have been known to hold funerals for their deceased. 
 0-i remember draft prom night, my dress wouldn't zip up and i was bawling my eyes out and screaming i didn't want to go... so funny. haha. 
 0-damn eli. that's just ruff. i'm not even gonna trash talk that one. get your game together eli. you're a good qb. stop with the to's 
 0-also, happy armistice day, anachronists! hun is either at your throat or at your feet.&#; churchill 
 0-a friend suggested i dress as a fairy for a halloween party we're attending...i'm thinking more wizardess of course. 
 0-rt apparently means anyone else&#; i always thought it was a ghetto word for 
 0-so i was suspended for a day because of a random lag spikes that force me to close the client and relog and suspended. gg 
 0-w/ some moxy! big comeback again!!! major penalty killed the caps.great game.  cases of 
 0-pollo&#;&#;&#; 
 0-you wear shorty shorts and fuzzy boots in negative degree weather. 
 0-awww, that's cute! my niece's guinea pig crawled up her dad's pants well i don't think i need to finish this sentence.lol 
 0-then gave the ole uncle charlie to mr ortiz 
 0-rt if i had a dollar for every time i died on flappy bird 
 0-rt the fact that kim kardashian's app may make million makes me wish we can speed up the process of having the apes take ove&#; 
 0-i play for keeps you play wit me its gon be yellow tape! 
 0-you're an idiot. 
 0-a mock up of my wedding photos 
 0-only in vermont is it big news that our govern got a buck 
 0-sitting alone watching white chicks, no pants, fuzzy blankets, tea turn up 
 0-i want to go to a haunted house maybe get possesed y'know just to see if ghosts are real 
 0-bucks the browns get johnny 
 3-i was with a bitch with a mustash for a year and a half? wtf is wrong itch me 
 3-rt huge ass, small waist okay face bitches really think they famous 
 3-bobby flay in this bitch 
 3-i'm never gonna be ok with my nigga around alot of bitches while with his boys. cause i was once that female your boys put you on 
 3-where the bad bitches at? lol 
 3-rt i just can't help but to hate you. even though you never intentionally did anything to me you're still a cunt. 
 3-rt you females overlook us geeks. when i take these glasses off, i'm no longer clark kent. i go superman in that pussy. fa&#; 
 3-rt funday" hoe quotes 
 3-i know these bitches did not leave me, again. 
 3-rt young, attractive, successful, supportive, faithful man w his own everything..u think bringing solely pussy to the table is 
 1-rt shut the fuck up ugly ass bitch nigga i stole your setup 
 3-emma watson slays every single harry potter movie. each film becomes her bitch. 
 3-know i don't know karate bitch" loooool how am i just finding out about this now, this is amazing 
 3-i love bad bitches that my fucking problem.... 
 3-rt i respect any nigga that getting money and fuckin hoes 
 3-rt rt how side bitches be when you pick them up in daylight hours 
 3-bitch killa gone be dacing in that bitch cdfu 
 3-why is this niggah still tweetn tf 
 3-i'm arrogant and my bitch conceited 
 3-can i get some soy sauce for this bitch? 
 3-can i hit that pussy way i wanna while this record playing 
 3-rt niggas with face tats are the same ones that stole your animal crackers in elementary smh they just dont give a fuck 
 3-rt i'm not giving these hoes free meals so they can go lay up with the dude they can't get over. nope. 
 3-all i ask for is love n loyalty. nothing else. no arguing over other bitches/niggas no he say she say no social media bs... just love 
 0-the last thing he cares about is fantasy owners 
 0-damn right, akbar. 
 0-i've got backup 
 0-he also let his team down. it's a must win game. 
 0-one is going to replace the production of odell beckham jr. he's let a lot of fantasy owners down."@akbar_gbaja 
 0-man shouting akbar' drives into crowd 
 0-it's actually perfect for you man! always on the 
 0-nan akbar's in leeds, west yorkshire) 
 0-videos: immigrant somali muslim woman yelling allahu akbar intentionally ran over  people on... 
 0-was trump right? officers say pockets of muslims celebrated / via 
 0-was trump right? officers say pockets of muslims celebrated / via 
 0-female killer in las vegas shouted as she ran over  innocent people last night 
 0-shah jee what is wrong with you today, just talking of death and destruction. allah o akbar. 
 3-should check it he was secretly converted to islam by saddamn houssein in late 's. he often says allah akbar 
 0-admiral akbar didn't shout a trap" in the new star wars so i want my money back 
 0-female killer in vegas shouted as she ran over people 
 0-female killer in las vegas shouted as she ran over  innocent people last night 
 0-same goes for you 
 0-female killer in vegas shouted as she ran over people 
 0-checking out killer in las vegas shouted as she ran ove" on america conservative  conservat: 
 0-brother makes a living off accusing people of but does not know what means. allahou akbar! 
 0-need more people like you 
 0-there's always something going on in a tesco car park 
 0-muslim immigrant chanted while raping gas station to appear in... 
 0-i'd love it if my girl smoked with me 
 0-one person followed me automatically checked by 
 0-france says they a number of almourabitoun fighters near al akbar said they were platforme: 
 0-was trump right? officers say pockets of muslims celebrated / via news from english papers. 
 0-sister the islamic argument for hijab akbar is if you don't wear it you get what u desrve rape. sister do u know? 
 0-just smashing a akbar with 
 0-eyewitness claims las vegas vehicle attack carried out by muslim screaming akbar'... media blackout.. 
 0-the witness who reported the woman who mowed down  people shouted alahu akbar: via 
 0-carlos already told me it was yours lmao 
 0-i'm not even in this 
 0-why would i hashtag my twitter name if it was really me lol 
 0-they are going to ban vehicles now as well. ohhh wait only guns kill people my mistake!!! 
 0-on his phone and still slaying but no dm's 
 0-gain  with tweet) 
 0-female killer in las vegas shouted as she ran over  innocent people last night 
 0-see more reports she was screaming allahu akbar in this vehicular terror attack. media blackout 
 0-gain  with tweet) 
 3-dem philly niggas b so great at that dressing them some fly niggas they make everything they put on look great 
 0-l watery likebots your videos 
 0-there's only  allah akbar only  allah akbar 
 0-great minds think alike lmao 
 0-told ya, sapios think alike. nfl films, invaluable in terms of popularizing football... john facenda, the voice of god. 
 0-u and caskey sound alike..i love ur style. 
 0-cons out.a great gift for all canadians alike. 
 0-saaame. lol we think alike 
 0-when harry said his celebrity crush is frankie sanford and louis frankie look alike 
 3-depends how we define race? i still don't know what the fuck race means. for instance, not all ppl look alike. 
 0-twins look so alike their dad tell them apart. then he notices something odd on her 
 0-i'm really just a darker and younger version of my mother. so crazy how much we look alike and people think we're sisters. 
 0-me and you are so alike is why we should date! 
 0-own nightmare. what you thought you were playing and what you thought you saw, always ends up being different. big and small channels alike 
 0-heheh thanks sua!! and i thought he was making some other game? think it had a batler lookalike in it) 
 0-ariana and her mom look so much 
 0-they say great minds think alike 
 0-omg i said him and charlie look alike 
 0-i feel u bc same with tae kookie hahah they don't look alike 
 3-lol i hate when females say all niggas alike...not tru 
 0-only on the rd ep of is there a reason for all the guys looking alike? thought they were gonna be bros but no? 
 0-all my fam. tlk alike answerin' fones, ion be knowin who da hell im tlkin too i 
 3-not all white people are alike some are just born fucked up. 
 0-hillary are a lot alike.both: ) have supported universal healthcare don't now) ) will say anything to win ) have race baited. 
 0-shoot i'm alike destinys child... can you pay my bills, can you pay my telephone, cable, car, keep it going!! 
 0-i had to buy something some very sexy and tease perfume. they all look alike to me lol don't make fun hahaha 
 3-i literally hate this generation. yall lame like damn... everybody all act alike it's annoying 
 0-i couldn't tell jin and jimin apart and idek why since they look nothing alike 
 0-people who will crucify vegans for not being perfect are the worst. vegans and meat eaters alike. none of you are cruelty free 
 0-all happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. 
 0-great minds think alike. 
 0-yall are savages, but they do look exactly alike tho lol 
 0-sperms and tadpoles look alike. now eye see why prince charming was a frog 
 0-great phone shuffle alike? idk lol 
 0-mrs. gosier's friends compared/contrasted versions of the story gingerbread man." ask your child how they are alike different. 
 0-some kpop stans are so ugly, stop saying two idols look alike when the only thing they have in common is that they're both korean 
 0-i cant breathe bc they look so alike 
 0-well we think alike 
 0-like yeah even i can laugh and say two metal bands sound alike but god forbid i say im@s songs sound just like ll songs to me 
 0-no two nights at the theatre are ever alike. please help us continue to share the unique experience of live... 
 0-omg you look so alike. wonderful great news. have a lovely xmas! 
 0-kids and parents alike will be entertained with this sweet, funny tale that has bright illustrations 
 0-slate gray..great minds think alike.. 
 0-we dont look alike from this angle so that is great 
 0-unreal how alike me, chloe and martha are 
 0-everybody kept asking me and kahrizmah were we sisters yesterday. we like no we don't even look 
 0-we think alike! 
 0-you two are so alike 
 0-happyness great minds think alike, all brains taste the same 
 0-tbh me and jihoon are soooo alike 
 0- out of  boys think alike that's a fact. 
 0-yes scott is very good for labour the huge support from members and jewish people alike. 
 0-woah you look alike! glad to see he's home! 
 0-because you're allah's creation 
 0-out of ideas, when faith comes in. let allah show you the 
 0-people say him, he's not worth it".... but deep down i know he is ugh this is very frustrating.... why? only allah knows.... 
 3-wallahi i only love the muslims for the sake of allah and i hate for them what i hate for myself so i advise everyone and myself firstly 
 0-allah does not existyour only potential is yourself and your mindwhich you have lost destroyed bec of religion 
 0-does not look at your figures, nor at your attire but he looks at your hearts and accomplishments". 
 0-and the rest rely on allah to cure them. 
 0-thank you allah by maher zain somewhere over the rainbow) 
 0-is trusting allah even when you even understand his 
 0-ibetosiris/god/allah/heaven loveneverwillguiltyremotesee femaleswhodontgiveuifu believesiriusaisisfelltoearth&amp;iqdrv 
 0-second wish i wish to see allah 
 0-the greatest thing a man can do to a woman is lead her closer to allah rather than to himself. 
 0-we always aim for better life even though our future is hidden just we pray to allah for blessing 
 0-ya allah grant me and all here mind free of worry, a heart free of sadness, and a body free of sickness. ameen 
 0-sometimes i look at most of the folks in our generation and think yo. may allah have mercy on thosd who will come forth from your loins 
 0-out of ideas, when faith comes in. let allah show you the 
 0-i have so much to b grateful for from allah's mercy nd yet i'm ungrateful n my actions. what good is that i need to show it thru actions!!!! 
 0-in life know that nothing bad comes out of it without allah swt placing barakah within it after the trial 
 0-one day you will thank allah for the door that closed.you will be grateful that it didn't work out,allah plans are better than our wishes... 
 0-if you are ever troubled by something don't turn to people. instead turn to allah and he will not let you down. 
 0-i lose followers g shno allah allah 
 0-you can, but that's you going against allah's order. let god be the judge of who a sinner is or not. 
 0-ya allah my tea god cold 
 0-does not look at your figures, nor at your attire but he looks at your hearts and accomplishments". 
 0-allah does not need me or you, and i ask him with sincerity to guide us and have pity on us his servants ameen 
 0-fil aman lillah! in shaa allah, let us make this day a productive one, fiisabilillah! 
 0-does not look at your figures, nor at your attire but he looks at your hearts and accomplishments". 
 0-calls for david cameron to step in after us bars british muslim family from trip 
 0-calls for david cameron to step in after us bars british muslim family from trip 
 0-taiwan to defend itself is the best way out of this 
 0-texas girl sneezes , times per day 
 3-trump respect is wtf standing like a nazi hating america and the world he is a insult to americans a fool 
 0-it doesn't surprise me that las vegas didn't make the top . but it's a really good read. 
 0-james brown living in america detroit soul power radio listen: 
 0-how america's dying white supremacist movement is seizing on donald trump's appeal 
 0-jgo agp hablando ingles... god bless america 
 0-the battle for what kind of country america will be: 
 0-when it was time to count homeless people here in berkeley, the police cracked down and sent them running. a lot... 
 0-check out the top beaches in central america 
 0-america wants michigan state to win national title 
 0-use the hashtag on instagram and toyota will donate to the boys girls clubs of america! 
 0-check out the top beaches in central america 
 0-clic 
 0-america  survival blueprint stansberry hardbook new ron paul updated edition 
 0-clic 
 0-check out the top beaches in central america 
 0-loading up on bitcoin patents: 
 0-check out the top beaches in central america 
 0-lawyer who questioned china policies charged with via 
 0-in just a few days, be the only functioning rivers of america in the usa. 
 0-check out the top beaches in central america 
 0-check out the top beaches in central america 
 0-of american women do not get paid for a single day or a single hour after they give birth." 
 0-america was nothing but a bunch of people with the worst possible family culture and manners. so they had to know how party alldatimengonumb 
 0-why asia craves america's pig dna 
 0-what burns more kilowatt hours: america's xmas lights or tanzania? 
 0-division gotta tell you, am really sick of libs and of america! 
 0-check out the top beaches in central america 
 0-so, we in america must be aware of what our enemy's saying and doing and take measures to stop the threat at the... 
 0-the most lucrative jobs included management, legal, and computeroccupations via 
 0-if you wanna paypal me some to tell me all about how transformative latin america was for you, slip into my dms for an email 
 0-check out the top beaches in central america 
 0-ryan is a plant for the koch bro and the status quo to gut america and make it tax free for the wealthy 
 1-leak:  isis terrorists let into america screening process not good enough! 
 0-with strong population growth, south to gain political power 
 0-totally kidding. unless you were in america at my house watching me play piano, it probs wasn't me 
 0-peace out america. 
 0-check out the top beaches in central america 
 0-conservatism is worse than isis in america 
 0-philips north america senior manager warehouse and inventory control oh) 
 0-if they ever remake coming to america, can they move the setting to the queen city 
 0-check out the top beaches in central america 
 0-calls for david cameron to step in after us bars british muslim family from trip 
 0-is america now listening to donald trump? 
 0-check out the top beaches in central america 
 0-the season: small towns go all out for christmas via 
 0-so trump's views are becoming the norm. then usa i won't be coming either. the land of the free? right! 
 0-and ashy feet lmao. 
 0-how tf i send a picture with my hands this ashy 
 3-either you for traditional roles or you not you can't mix and match to whatever benefits you. corny ass ashy hoes 
 3-if you see me today...:i'm not matching :i'm not sweating, it's baby oil wanna look like you ashy bastards). 
 0-i was born for this ashy life. 
 0-you hotep black women always bashing black men. you so ashy 
 0-watch the fake upscale, high class girls call you a ashy boy" for this...smh 
 3-women: man should pay the rent and all the bills, i'm traditional" men: keep your body count low women: a ashy misogynist!" 
 0-the male half ghouls ashy hues gazed upon the female as she mentioned and it all made some sense too him now 
 3-ju hand bout ashy as shit 
 3-the same thing applies to these niggas too. how you gone get mad a bitch posted a picture of yo tiny ashy ass dick? 
 0-except you. you're ashy in general. 
 3-you're mad cause you're a whole goofy and you got straight crowned like the ashy laker lover you 
 0-maybe the quality on my phone making em look ashy grey i'd prefer jet black if we talking suede 
 0-im talking bout ashy elba 
 0-we talking about candy? who likes ashy candy? 
 3-when you fuck darkskin girls in the winter time they ass cheeks be ashy as hell 
 0-wish list: . nate archibald . my personal dorota . serena's clothes . dan's grades . blair and chuck's 
 0-should i stay blonde, or go light brown, or this ashy brown? 
 0-for just  bottle of lotion a day you can help ashy african american children... 
 0-correction: ashley has a nice rice cake, everyone. 
 3-you fuckin nerd 
 0-i only have one child 
 0-where 
 0-lmao deadass, nah them 's be ashy af people at my school shits be damn near see through 
 0-deep down anza know that my nudes are anything but ashy....kodwa asikho lapho 
 0-you riiiiiiiiich! hey boo 
 0-i will recommend coconut oil for his ashy hands 
 0-ayyyy i saw kevin last night still 
 0-i pay rent to tho smh that's just my mothers bills 
 0-for your ashy knees 
 0-ashy work is easy uno 
 0-i know you don't believe this you just typed"@royal_anza: tsek na madry ashy nudes akho 
 0-my hair is so ashy today 
 0-jacoby... still strong wrong and ashy 
 0-they don't want us using cocoa butter, they want us ashy. 
 3-that's not even your skin tone and that's not even your body you ashy bitch 
 0-just stop talking 
 0-nvm he's talking about the pastry in my story 
 0-i'm ashy af 
 0-stop stunting on us rent payers! 
 0-he's back 
 0-they look ashy asf 
 3-okay now if your black timbs ashy don't wear them tf, not even black them shits shadow grey 
 0-ohhh yeah 
 0-yo.... i've been called ashy before. boy that stings 
 3-you ever got a nude from a girl with a ashy booty?! lmaooooooll 
 3-hold up i guess i gotta go beat somebody's ass 
 0-moral of the story: lash game can't be weak 
 3-if you ain't for letting a chick stack all her money while u break yo back to pay the bills you . broke boi . call center worker . ashy 
 3-he can be such a sneaky little bastard, but bless, i heart him. 
 3-merry fucking christmas, santa! you bastard... now playing on ad: i want for xmas is to kick your ass!" 
 3-absolute bastard! 
 3-you big bastard, just throw some wine or vodka in my stocking so i can forget how much i've spent... sincerely, moms 
 3-nothing says a fat bastard" like wearing a tshirt in a swimming pool. 
 0-universal truth: white ppl, no matter where you are, can't control they kids 
 3-happy birthday to the craziest bastard i know make sure you don't threaten to kick a cops ass tonight 
 3-bastard i told you not to screenshot out of context now one for you... 
 3-shame can go to hell a supplied a illegal gun to terrorist in now you free evil bastard young my ass 
 3-yo gotti is a rat bastard for that dm song. 
 3-may god damn this sick son of a bitch!!!! what kind of sick bastard does this???!!!! 
 3-i really want to know carol's maiden name, i don't like that we only know her as that bastard's name 
 3-fr like don't get mad now lol. i would a been field goal kicked that lil bastard idc. 
 3-you're a bastard. 
 3-didn't give you money this year farrell" yeah that's coz the cheap bastard spent on a fucking lynx set 
 3-u get with me' don't want a boyfriend haha sorry' fuck ya then' hahahahaha poor little 
 3-big hard bastard..what a wanker 
 3-leaving  the best way, a heartless, lonely bastard of my mother) 
 3-me  million other real americans are looking forward to seeing you in hell with your stinkin' ass on fire!!! you racist bastard!!! 
 0-i'm just tryna feel you out i don't wanna scare you away i kinda wanna test you out but i don't wanna know your name 
 0-phumaaaaa hey guys 
 3-see naw, y'all bitches have all these bastard ass kids and expect er nigga you fuck to take care of you and them. naww! 
 3-you tell me bastard which country am i showing you? 
 3-i've reached the conclusion that this is impossible to respond to. i should have staked the bastard. next best thing, then... 
 0-that monochrome camera is brand new and costs about six grand. bastard. 
 3-serves you right you commie bastard 
 3-awesome handmade free font skinny bastard! made by: download free: 
 3-u racist bastard 
 3-four bastard sacks of recycling later and i've finally rid the flat of all prechristmas cardboard boxes and shizzle. 
 3-thank you for follow and congratulations on having you two hobbies as your name. is bastard clever 
 0-posh bastard 
 3-don't approach me with static. i let it fly like showing kobe the basket! bastard! you can quote me on that shit!" 
 3-jammy bastard enjoy lol hh 
 3-it'll be online hahaha silly bastard on it 
 0-i hope so too cuz kurt sutter's recent show he made after sons was the bastard executioner it was horrible 
 3-not a single thing, you old, judgmental bastard 
 3-found your heart, you bastard. 
 3-happy, and sad all at same time, congrats, and bastard how could you? oh yeah,  million, that's how!!! 
 0-golden_bastard_ 
 3-right? lazy bastard. 
 3-look at this little bastard 
 3-bastard" 
 3-whatever ya bastard 
 3-you greedy bastard! share the goodness! 
 3-i figured it out eventually/ this lil bastard at school 
 3-roll on th may no more bastard psychology 
 3-lil strong bastard 
 1-if trump is recruiting fr is he's actually doin intelligence officer's job, isn't he? he's diggin those bastard sympathisers outta der cells 
 3-ironic bastard that he is. 
 0-well in jammy bastard 
 0-i'd bend you over 
 3-chaps my ass we can't take down a couple rogue paid militants yet rather us bend over take it by disarming peaceful humans.. 
 0-good girls bend at the knees, bad girls bend at the waist, the best girls bend all the way. 
 0-straight a draw straws mass bend to erring notwithstanding junior alter ego bring to effect sales leads: pxqaffg 
 0-now hiring for  cdl a drivers needed south bend in benefits in south bend, in 
 0-bend a to a if impossible to come back with a on that bih. 
 3-she can bend over and grab her ankles, bill taught her well. 
 0-premium retail is retail merchandiser flexible hours! or) in bend, or 
 0-shaffer trucking: over the road truck driver top % drivers make 
 0-you'll bend over backwards for people at work but the minute you're dying of the flu need someone of course no one knows how to reply 
 0-announcers are biased af. it's honestly hilarious to listen to them bend over backwards to defend everything the team does. 
 0-a white christmas? keep dreaming, south bend 
 0-bend over and say ahh  scene  coast to coast: 
 0-onramp blocked on i wb at big bend blvd 
 0-make my heart shake, bend, and break" 
 0-mention close teh govt down and they bend over 
 0-tefl courses harmony londonstraight a deed relinquished re the bend: wosjjni 
 0-you make my heart shake, bend and break, but i can't turn away and it's driving me wild. 
 0-just flip it with yer hand; bend from waist shake that sh*t up 
 0-what's to explain?  people there. ja could take pics, just bend over. ja was on blackmail mission already. 
 0-accident, right lane blocked on i wb at big bend blvd 
 0-our stores located in bend, redmond and madras, oregon will be closing at  pm on dec. , and closed all day... 
 0-westbound ., near big bend, accident right lane 
 0-empty roads, deserted beaches, and a wealth of new impressions. 
 0-modus furniture bend upholstered bench ben 
 0-um i don't think your body is suppose to bend like this 
 0-don't forge! our mobile cso will be the mt si senior ctr in north bend tomorrow from : a.m. to  p.m. 
 0-don't tap your last your last season's prada shoes at me honey 
 0-update: wb / eb) accident after big bend entrance ramp, blocking  right lanes 
 0-accident blocking the right lane and the on ramp from big bend onto wb  traffic jamming back past kingshighway... 
 0-go bend it over make it nasty 
 0-people calling my phone trying to bend my ear, i got problems of my own man i don't care 
 0-update:  vehicle collision i wb past big bend blvd  right lanes closed louis,mo) 
 0-new: eb / accident at big bend, blocking the right lane. expect delays 
 0-update:  vehicle collision i wb at big bend blvd right lane closed louis,mo) 
 0-i love shopping at willow bend 
 0-a man who does not bend to the winds of change is a real man.. 
 0-we're read about our latest opening here: cook or 
 0-new:  vehicle collision i eb at big bend blvd right lane closed louis,mo) 
 0-bend, subject in front of starbucks making jewelry and leaving a big mess behind. downtown 
 0-they stayed home as i believe they were afraid to bend over anywhere near the idaho potato bowl mascot.... 
 0-dave dee dozy beaky mick titch bend it kijk op 
 0-if god asks that you bend, bend do not complain. he is making you more flexible, for this be thankful. 
 0-want to work in view our latest opening: 
 0-brilliant day for a solo hike. i plan to find myself just around that river bend. 
 0-sometimes things will bend you, but trust me you'll be fine, i've been moving mountains that i once had to climb. 
 0-bend down to squeeze rhys's tummy. there's a familiar pout} you know, opa eats all his porridge before he starts playing and 
 0-l west bend  cup aluminum automatic coffee maker model  
 0-nigerian izombie plot. wears okrika down select), has vivid flashbacks of previous owners' memories 
 0-change the world. put on for blacks 
 3-whenever hurricane katrina came by we picked up a lot of blacks from louisiana. there is section  apts now. 
 0-the paper asks torn: is trump friend or foe". only a fool would call trump a friend. 
 0-well snow is white and that's racist against blacks so i'm sure they will soon 
 0-love blacks ops , can't wait to get a new controller 
 0-some how blacks not from africa were here with highly sophisticated sciences, disappeared,then more blacks came by force from africa? lmao 
 3-when i asked the nurse why they take more blood from blacks vs others. she was a black nurse. she gave me a know damn why" face 
 0-houseniggas these hollywood token blacks must just do us all a favour and stfu. all they spew is contradictory statements..." 
 3-you raised your white cheerleader daughter all so she can get fucked by blacks lol 
 0-if i can be asked to go wood green might even take a cheeky trip to the eyebrow lady 
 3-he's by far the worst of a bad bunch, but they're all fucking deranged assholes who hate women, blacks and gays. fuck them all. 
 3-blacks who try to act like white people are the worst 
 0-finally doing my hair feel like i'm getting my life back on tracj 
 3-how about blacks parents don't want white teachers with guns around their kids. racist rapist cops are enough 
 0-what's spooky blacks instagram 
 0-hope you say that to blacks too!depend girl don't have a chance sorry i just took a crap 
 1-yes white america is a lot better than muslim s arabia. blacks are way more racist than whites. 
 0-ha ha enjoy your time off. blackys pressie all under tree waiting on 
 1-this white bitch prolly doesn't have one black female friend and if she does it is some weird emo black trying to tell me about blacks. 
 0-blacks can't be racist. we welcomed racist murderous land thieves to our mother land and what did they do? they invented racism and races. 
 0-if the chinese can go to africa and profit then there's nothing wrong with blacks going to the motherland for profit reawakening 
 3-no, you think i'm prettier and better. that's a fucked up mentality. i think i struggle just like every one of us blacks 
 0-white africans" should write us blacks an open letter expressing their real feelings and sign it hate, your privileged." 
 0-all your arguments are just blacks people are criminals and blah blah blah. when stats contradict that. 
 0-does anyone have blacks op  i can borrow real quick! 
 0-and his supporters blame everything on muslims, blacks, latinos. the other candidates say they'll support his nomination 
 0-no. it definitely makes sense. most businesses have been built on the backs of blacks. which is wild. 
 0-the so called blacks of the americas had the zodiac sciences, sophisticated" writing, astronomy 
 0-so i guess america just need a better reason to shoot at blacks.... now you know how we gonna act about this sandra bland ruling.... 
 3-as justice declared blacks to be mentally inferior. he must recuse himself when adjudicating black litigants. 
 0-champagne the only way to enjoy jeremy kyle 
 3-bullshit no justice for the system is so fucked and how many more of our people blacks got to die or get treated so poorly 
 3-as much as necessary bills cost, i don't even see how people, especially blacks, can afford to put money on an inmate's books. 
 0-what most blacks girl say too. see ya at :" 
 0-hell, i mean true hell has nothing to do with fiery furnaces and sulphur. hell would be an eternity watching... 
 3-these hollywood token blacks must just do us all a favour and stfu. all they spew is contradictory statements..... 
 0-have you heard blip bloop by black&amp;#x;s by on 
 0-show me another source that proves that blacks cut the most. 
 0-i liked a video likkle blacks top boss mill ft. drake r.i.c.o remix) prod. by spacious 
 0-blacks that were here in america were great builders of civilization" 
 0-that still doesn't justify why you said the reason racism towards blacks is still a thing in america 
 0-blacks don't know what  be hotep, christians, muslim, democrats, republicans, isrealites. we everything but gether as . 
 0-i liked a video likkle blacks ft. mimfatic g.m.g money gyal) prod. by spacious 
 0-in which pretends blacks support legalization of illegal immigrants in us. 
 0-next year i am going to push to make sure i wrote a full first draft of my book. 
 0-pick up book with kindle or paperback 
 0-just so we're clear, you can all mock me for coloring an adult coloring book. 
 0-see also bill browder's fabulous book about hermitage capital notice". great read one of my faves of . 
 0-doctors at :am* receptionist can book u in at :am" runs to doctors* get seen until : 
 0-much longer than , years good and evil have been on earth. i'm hesitant to read further in the book of revelation as the end seems soon 
 0-i was reading a book on wattpad and this author added three ending that real endings" and then they decided to cancel without finish 
 0-read this book niche empire classroom 
 0-a cia tie to jfk assassination? book on exdirector allen dulles questions role 
 0-read this book traffic domination 
 0-can't wait til i get off. i have a book discussion/meet and greet tonight at . i'm hypeeeee. 
 0-read this book pyro niche profits a killer stepbystep making money formula 
 0-read this book on demand internet marketing brush styles 
 0-read this book niche profit full control 
 0-i need book 
 0-read this book internet marketing armeddon 
 0-insurgent: divergent, book  veronica roth kids... 
 0-read this book niche selection secrets 
 0-what has your best read of  been? ideas would be welcomed for book club in  
 0-read this book traffic dominator pro 
 0-top ten tuesday: top ten books i mind santa leaving under the tree this year 
 0-read this book authority azon best amazon affiliate wp theme 
 0-start the new year off creatively book in for ingrid morley's  day summer workshop: ceramic figure in... 
 0-what is the name of the book? 
 0-ohhhh, yeah. that side quest is marked by one of my flags in the book. i'll get to it eventually. 
 0-on the bright side, holidays are fun, and within two weeks we get another steven bomb book comes out. 
 0-because invading a sovereign nation and doing what we want is permissible...in our book. 
 0-happycolouring a page out of my book and lm going to colour it in 
 0-the black book of hotdog stand 
 0-overcoming the odds and moving forward. i just purchased the book poster child by 
 0-i always double book 
 0-new oxford studies in medieval philosophy by paperback book free shipp 
 0-congrats on starting your campaign! keep it safe w/ the first only tx ethics law book avail at 
 0-nintendo ds midnight purple game system console bundle with games, case, book bid now! 
 0-the book of religions john hayward religion 
 0-hearing rekkles talk about my message book for a solid  minutes on stream and just... everything... makes me feel... so... happy 
 0-build your own . million follower twitter network book shows you how 
 0- days of book boyfriends! has dibs on kai! 
 0-symbolic meaning prayer book insofar as blueworks instinct with life ibm transaction afro intendant demonstrate gilt first draft: yec 
 0- iowa church and community fundraiser 
 0- iowa church and community fundraiser cookbooks 
 0-hi,so im bigest fan of orcas so where can i find to got your book?? pleass,i know about amazon but they cant ship to my country 
 0-book tour: spirit of grace series via 
 0-this book is triply af! definitely recommend to all people who have way too much free time! fellow nerds especially 
 0-the feeling of finding a good book is just aiwjsbkfnsbv 
 0-yes, get a until th download: 
 0-vintage juliana d&amp;e book piece cluster bead rhinestone brooch earring set  
 0-the best coffee to drink while enjoying a book ever 
 0-new release: the don's daughter  in the bossman series) by renee rose via 
 0-there was this one book i remember reading a long time ago and i loved it so much but i cannot remember the title for the life of me 
 0-good night pat sweet dreams 
 0-aaaw thats so sweet! 
 0-how come you don't like onepunch man or tiger bunny?!? how?! whyy?! 
 0-your bunny suit is in my closet 
 0-littlest pet shop , , , , ,  bunny rabbit lot c 
 0-maybe this cheers you up a bit, the comments help too. 
 0-my newly hired maid~ahaha=&gt; art by my creator 
 0-my brothers bunny likes tamales 
 0-i don't understand bunny girls 
 0-q: why was the easter bunny so upset? a: heewas having a bad hzre day! 
 0-sorry for the bunny ears love you moreeeee rola 
 0-i liked a video from every bunny hop tutorial ever 
 0-sweet dreams alan 
 0-shopping tomorrow, i'm a happy bunny. 
 0-cutewarshipsdoingcutethings: my dreams have been answered! as if on cue, ques takao bunny is... 
 0-good night jen sweet dreams 
 0-catfish and the bottlemen hourglass 
 0-bunny goes hop wwere you watching just now? 
 0-if you arent up on u must be sleeping under a rock! fix that asap 
 0-what, c'mon tiger and bunny was a fun show. 
 0-plans tonight 
 0-baa easter bunny is cute. i get a lot a chocolates at that holiday. even tho it's creepy that a bunny gives it. meh. 
 0-morning 
 0-i just almost ran over a 
 0-bunny's book is an bestseller  in 
 0-this is you amd jordan as cute baby bunnies your a mini rex rabbit and jordan is a rex bunny 
 0-bunny. actually miss that. 
 0-new white bunny rabbit slipper doll shoes for " american girl doll handmade 
 0-good night all 
 0-when i have kids they will know that the easter bunny, and santa are not real. we will not celebrate with gifts either. 
 0-snow bunny 
 0-dashing through the shops, faster than a bunny, need some curry's prizes because i spent all of my money! 
 0-warner bros. presents bugs bunny at the symphony ii utah symphony 
 0-yes, but then, flopsy is a very naughty little bunny whose opinions are not to be trusted... 
 0-me and charlotte found a malteaser bunny 
 0-lovealissuhh: working on becoming a crazy bunny lady 
 0-today i made a bunny friend who loved me and who i almost stole from pet 
 0-i'm earning in where da bunny. 
 0-get ready to laugh, catch up and 
 0-good night all sweet dreams xx 
 0-daily cute: bunny gets rid of bed creases 
 0-credit: regram from 
 0-ever feel like the dead end kid in that old bugs bunny cartoon? smashes an egg then goes 
 0-what about the easter bunny cmon dont tell me you hate him 
 0-a good day, i am a bunny. on a bad day, i am still a bunny." 
 0-greenteaandsunflowers: 
 0-empty out his pockets he on easter bunny 
 0-off shipping fee you buy more than jpy, shipping fee is % off!! please 
 0-christmas bunny.#wlwdonnerblitzen. x 
 0-that is one very loved bunny. hope it makes it home. 
 0-guess i'll take the kids to the park don't want to sit in this house 
 0-im too slept on 
 0-fire straight fire 
 3-join chat chink 
 0-jim jones, chink santana, logic perfect day on 
 0-chink, malik and dias always 
 0- reasons the whatfor strike root visit not flatter chink online under serene: unpmwgjws 
 3-set apart chink nigh usage underfloor electric heat devices else wall up encourager circus: qnfbq 
 0-them cause i can't 
 0-you didn't tell me how the appointment went 
 0-what's wrong 
 0-hate when people show off when they around somebody 
 0-who's better than paul kade juan and beto? 
 1-hongkongslut: meko fung looking like a horny anal worn out chink looking into the camera while toying... 
 3-you a broke ass chink 
 1-hongkongslut: meko fung spreading her chink legs wide open to show her fat sloppy shaven cunt and... 
 3-if i don't got ima go and make a chink bleed 
 3-okay chink 
 1-i love chink lmfao 
 3-happy bday chink. 
 0-i miss my chink 
 3-ben drown the chink in the kitchen sink garrison 
 0-my 
 0-i'm chink eye god in my pics 
 0-love ya so much, 
 3-whatever you think chink chink. 
 0-chink 
 0-no prob love!! 
 0-okay thanks beautiful i'm going to pick some up after work. 
 0-oh ok ima look into it 
 0-yes love! u can get it anywhere its by tha alcohol and stuff 
 0-awesome. im always trying to find something that helps my skin. can you buy it at walgreens 
 3-probably the least racist person on the planet" donald ask any nigger, spic, chink, dego or rag head. they love me!!!!" 
 0-i use it everyday mama! 
 0-yessss love great for oily skin, shrinks pores, and evens out your skin tone/redness 
 0-i should have got some food i'm tired of cleaning for this damn party 
 0-no i'm about to google that 
 0-fastest christmas shopping i ever did 
 0-you try witch hazel?? thats what i use 
 0-yea 
 0-going to need a refill!! chink 
 0-lil short 
 0-this girl get on my 
 3-miteaswell be fucked up for christmas 
 3-get a partner who won't let you quit.....and ain't a bum ass person themselves 
 0-weirdo 
 0-that's the hard part for me and then i have no motivation 
 0-traffic stupid for no reason 
 3-
 0-bury me w my dawgs 
 3-once i hook up my new pc im going to be playing tons of cod online against little chinks 
 0-robert griffin iii yellow jersey size xl washington chinks superbowl 
 3-but it shouldn't be where is tho you walk in the chinks they already know what you want 
 0-true 
 3-the chinks got put up on game. state paying on vouchers. they prefer section er's. if you aint on it you assed out nowadays 
 3-lmao be full of chinks who don't even know offside rule an only balls they wanna know bout is the knackers 
 0-church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police 
 0-don't accept it though. 
 0-i get it. 
 0-some temptations are harder to fight than others 
 0-everyone has their own demons 
 3-i'm about to start going back to miracle brows or mark anthony for my eye brows because these chinks keep fucking me 
 0-certain stuff really eff's with a person's self esteem 
 0-sometimes i wonder.. what makes me good enough 
 3-where are my chinks? 
 0-chinks champagne glass with maggie and says which channel on tv maggie. salmon side 
 1-got tired of niggas fuckin my shit up i had to come fuck wit da chinks i don't care what they do 
 0-lol i figured 
 0-no wifi. well it have but expensive so i hadda chinks it lol 
 0-finish paying for my couches tomorrow 
 1-great this paves the way for team names like the spics, kikes, faggots, cunts, and chinks smh 
 3-chinks deliver in any type of weather 
 0-girlfriend here 
 3-church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour: infogathering hit by shortage of 
 0-sometimes i wonder 
 1-how can i forget about you,ya post the chinks,eggs,chips and beans bollocks ye 
 0-odd fact of the year: texas tech has beat every qb who has thrown more than  pass for the chinks, from  week  active). 
 3-lol what chinks 
 0-delayed wisdom cannot help any one,chinks in their armour is already exposed 
 3-i wonder who prince will look like more. i just know he'll have chinks eye shape. 
 3-good riddance fucking chinks 
 3-look better than the 
 0-church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour: infogathering hit by shortage of 
 1-how do chinks eat rice with chopsticks? 
 1-they goin sale america to the chinks before they give a black man such power 
 0-church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour infogathering hit by shortage 
 0-hahaha i just read this 
 0-glass of fizz* 
 0-church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour 
 3-why are every single one of these chinks? 
 0-the eagles are  and the chinks  ain't no surprise 
 0-you just gotta get it how it come 
 0-a lot of the time, what doesn't kill me puts dents sometimes chinks) in my armour. 
 0-going after children is a strategic tactic with benefits, you see? children are humanity's chinks in the armor. 
 3-church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour infogathering hit by shortage 
 0-church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour infogathering hit by shortage of staff, resources 
 0-church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour 
 3-think your brave? take a poop at chinks, then you can say your brave. 
 0-nah bih. i remember you 
 0-i am literally in tears, want more people to work this way for a better place to live. great work and good luck!! 
 0-feeky chucker 
 0-hope jayne dickinson the litter chucker woman is on tomorrow. 
 0-hope you got the litter chucker on tomorrow. she was brill. same prog as the bear encounter. jayne dickinson i think 
 0-the definition of a chucker on the basketball court is cullen neal. he's like a homeless mans jj reddick. just terrible 
 0-no way, unless the nba allows  basketballs to played at once....ai=chucker 
 0-inefficient. shot chucker. poor defender. jazz system helped his offense a lot 
 0-cash chucker 
 0-more like a peach chucker 
 0-well i didn't make a pumpkin chucker out of it, if that's what you are asking... 
 3-spear chucker has got to be the funniest way to call a nigga a nigga 
 0-paul george a bonafide chucker but since he plays above the rim has seldom breakout games he's a top  player 
 0-yup. they're looking for the next brickchucker to supplant the last lmao 
 0-yeah he's a chucker 
 0-takes a bow. 
 0-hooray! i commend you for both your revulsion to racist, sexist candidates, and your correct use of yiddish! 
 0-i called him a schmuck in another post. 
 3-excellent! as you may know, schmuck is an effective, nasty schlong, while putz is an ineffective one. 
 0-now, shtupped is a word. what does that putz trump know? 
 0-trump is from ny, yet he still doesn't know how to swear properly in yiddish. schlong is a noun. the past tense verb he wanted was shtupped. 
 3-i heard there's some awesome street art in berlin, like banksy's famous chucker". 
 0-hardinge lathe chucker top plate " hex chnc chucker  station 
 0-mother chucker 
 0-mutter chucker you stole my take 
 0-makes sense as i am a laid back arrow chucker 
 0-great chucker 
 0-curry turns into a better rudy gay type on any other team. a good chucker with handles 
 0-mother chucker 
 0-moron. agent floating that to negate suspension 
 0-treasury department says move will not begin to roll back until russia returns territorial control to ukraine 
 0-i really wanna go to burger king but i bought a skirt instead, this is my version of self control 
 0-they're so scared. pantssoaking terrified that they'l lose the control they never had to begin with. 
 0-this new app will deliver birth control to your door within  hours: a mo... 
 0-mom says i have no self control but it's called the emergency lane for a reason. 
 0-after hearing both sides of the parties, i have no idea where i stand on gun control. 
 0-this new app will deliver birth control to your door within  hours: a month supply shipped to you... 
 0-when your bff is coming over and you just can't control yourself 
 0-this new app will deliver birth control to your door within  hours: a month supply shipped to your door au... 
 0-this new app will deliver birth control to your door within  hours: a month supply shipped to you... 
 0-victorian firefighters try to control bushfires near lorne and wye river 
 0-once he became presley's manager, colonel tom parker insisted on exceptionally tight control over his client's career. 
 0-rightwing reps seek bitcoin powers in european parliament coindesk 
 0-my snap story is out of control. 
 0-the media would prefer to control the issues rather than cover them. 
 0-losin control russ 
 0-sports helping to build pride at eastern florida state college 
 0-ladies.....be wary of men that correlate their responsibility to you in a relationship to finances, that's just a form of control 
 0-virginia ag ends concealed reciprocity with  states for lack of gun control breitbart via breitbartnews 
 0-hackers can silently control siri from  feet away 
 0-read this book niche profit full control 
 0-flood control coventry, ri off emergency service coventry water extraction damage restoration 
 0-when you pass on several turns or only attack for  w/ a control deck because you're landless. 
 3-thinkin right now bout all this rapper all ma favorite niggas and i can asociate it with pure power and maybe life control invest in 
 0-how i met your mother currently has control over my life 
 0-flood control lansdale, pa off emergency service lansdale water extraction damage restoration 
 0-do you reckon had any control over the music on gshore 
 0-i dont need to try to control you 
 0-active noise control available on huntair and ventrol brand custom air handling units 
 0-rand paul introduces bill to block executive gun control via 
 0-to get upset befuddled, now so outofcontrol, it's difficult to take them seriously ohdanger!) 
 0-news: assumes editorial operational control of 
 0-yess but it's cause my anxiety i basically have no control over it 
 0-googles to control your anger so you don't break someone's neck" 
 0-don't waste your life thinking about people you don't like or situations you can't control. 
 0-stop hating the girls he should have self control if he actually loves you 
 0-shame my control pad is bricked! 
 0-like percy already controls water and i kinda wanna control plants bc yes 
 0-i lose all control the second i walk into sephora. 
 0-the  was about trump, mass shootings and a general loss of control via 
 0-keeping pain, inflammation, and muscle spasms under control with 
 3-my dad used to tell me i couldn't listen to shit like led zeppelin like yeah how u gon control the sound waves u bum bitch? 
 0-i can't find my edge loorrrddd please help me 
 0-that's a choice the dog makes. the dogs are effectively in control of this house 
 0-these kids can't control their excitement over gifts 
 0-bklyn all hands  vandalia ave, high rise fire on the th flr, under control 
 0-philips north america senior manager warehouse and inventory control oh) 
 0-radio control speed gift electric app controlled phone remote 
 0-don't let one person or anyone to control your happiness 
 0-what about self control 
 0-my freakin voice always cracks when i'm talking to my boss!! why!! 
 0-this still cracks me up 
 0-i love being the one that cracks your smile 
 0-the data protection regulator cracks the enforcement whip reed smith jdsupra 
 0-can't wait to see in what context happens next. up.} 
 0-he's come a long way for a shag" cracks me up majorly 
 0-she cracks me up!!! i love 
 3-my fucking cousin cracks me up 
 0-knuckles* time to spend all my money on steam 
 0-my finger tips are holding onto the cracks in our foundation 
 0-jakarta cracks down on corrupt tax officials 
 3-iraqi army cracks me the fuck up lol 
 3-scotty fucking t never leave cracks me up to another level 
 0-kicking screaming is still one of my all time favorite comedies. cracks me up every time. 
 0-when you're recording growls and your voice cracks 
 0-praying to a toaster oven. cracks me up 
 0-nutty professor cracks me up every time 
 0-this cracks me up 
 0-this song cracks me up. 
 0-usa today bestseller, winner of  lit awards, cracks in the sidewalk now on 
 0-this convo cracks me up 
 0-man, my daughter cracks me up. lol 
 0-when humans cracks the code, the world will explode. 
 3-this is the harry yall said was snortin coke out people's ass cracks and shit huh 
 0-want to get the latest games without any shady torrents or cracks, for cheap here: every purchase supports us! 
 0-cameron just cracks me up all the time 
 0- scratches cracks chips gouges dents in pvc windows gelcoat acrylic tubs/showers area call  
 3-dungeon crawling in ff is so fun but creepy ass zombie gnomes crawl through the cracks of the wall i gtg 
 0-i see ur posts everywhere on isis profiles. the fact that you make them so mad shows ur good work ty ur humor cracks me up 
 0-that song cracks me up 
 0-met new bridge workers and they reckon the china steel is crap, many cracks had to be welded and they give it  year life 
 0-when  of our lovely ladies comes in with a bottle of prosecco cracks it open it hits the ceiling 
 0-however, they should carefully examine the rocket for potential cracks or problems before reusing it! 
 0-a smile, calling back to it's too warm to leave! 
 0-i was washing the dishes when i heard my brother call me from the room and when i go to him he cracks the door open and has his underwear... 
 0-this is one of my all time favourite films, the grits joke cracks me up every time 
 0-my bio cracks me up everytime legit my favourite movie moment ever i can t good@bye 
 0-justin cracks me up every time he someone on this girls tweets 
 0-met new forth bridge workers and they reckon the chinese steel is crap, many cracks have had to be welded and they give it  year life 
 0-karamatsu girl still cracks me up 
 0-this is simply the reason why i love panderz he cracks me 
 0-i dropped my phone today and now i have cracks in one cornor also i feel bad for only 
 0-fingers* 
 0-the face quality on those always cracks me up xd but yeah, they're also bae 
 3-back when a hoe was a hoe,coke was a coke,and cracks what you were doing..when you were crackin jokes 
 0-chipotle cracks as e. coli takes toll 
 0-saludenme cracks me amas 
 0-that moment when your screen protector cracks for no reason 
 0-this gif cracks me up lmaooo 
 0-cracks 
 3-thought dirty mackin was a joke niggas really do that? 
 3-rj had seven dirty cups in his room. wtffuucccck how do you even?!?! 
 0-i dont understand how a person can live in a dirty place i mean bby do you even bath... 
 0-njit did me dirty 
 0-better not have gotten me another dirty christmas gift"~tori lolol 
 0-not upset about the game, dude, about bruton calling the play dirty 
 0-you dirty 
 0-u are dirty judge. u shouldn't be on the panel.u think, all girls need to bow down to get the crown 
 0-i just liked it quick and dirty. a leica sl ) test footage" on 
 0-the dirty little secret of marco campaign: 
 0-the mt throwback thanks dirty d 
 3-christian my fucking you've had like  towns and  city's near you! dirty 
 0-if someone plays dirty to me, they get payback mk). 
 0-did him 
 3-lmao this dirty white boy has flo rida low as his ringtone 
 0-i'm finna choose the dirty ova' everybody 
 3-dizz has a pornstar dick and charli is gorgeous as fuck. ok guess i got the shit end of the stick. 
 0-i'm the dirty snow 
 0-dirty bands came from dirty work 
 0-i just commented on it quick and dirty. a leica sl ) test footage" on 
 0-listen to do you dirty by keon floyd on go crank right now!!!!! 
 0-is that a dirty tampon rolled in coconut 
 0-kevin gates feat. august alsina i dont get tired 
 0-leave them dirty fros with an edge in  
 3-movie theaters are the fucking worst 
 0-cuz he went to lau don't me he get pass that's a dirty play no need for that 
 0-how dirty are your thoughts? 
 0-when close friends start getting close to people who have done u 
 3-take a shower dirty whore lmao 
 0-love me some dirty mexican candy 
 0-tv show is talking about the game santa." that's... not the game i'd've associated with that name. 
 0-at the do and i spot another black person.. all the english are on the dance floor going for it to dirty dancing.. poor sods 
 0-
 0-c.hen feria by ten stacks jack) dirty 
 3-you're a middle schooler why are you giving us high schoolers a dirty ass look 
 0-c.hen feria by ten stacks jack) dirty 
 0-always adding something dirty to the end of my tweets to sound less dramatic 
 0-thanks to brazzers logo i can't look at these  photos without thinking dirty! 
 0-dirty little secret nigori sake, raspberry liqueur, peach schnapps and orange juice. 
 0-listen to . splinta dirty guidence by knowledge is power promo on 
 0-zach farlow pullin up(dirty) 
 0-dirty muddy in my cup 
 0-i guess being dirty is a trend now lol 
 0-lokos did me so dirty 
 3-why is twitter culture so gay 
 0-yeah he is going to go after her all right dirty dog 
 0-i'm dirty naughtly xd 
 0-they dirty 
 0-thirstin howl iii classic metaphors on 
 0-view video 
 3-some of y'all hoes disgust me 
 0-my nye pledge will be to be more selfish and not helpful. people disgust me. 
 0-well i'm sorry if my views aren't correct" enough for u libs but i'm not gonna let pc culture silence disgust 
 0-the justice system truly has me in disgust 
 0-man buns absoultely disgust me 
 0-my son just ate a lindor white chocolate peppermint truffle with a look of disgust that made me want ground him. 
 0-people actually disgust me 
 0-there are no words to describe the absolute disgust i feel towards this being. 
 0-you disgust me 
 0-you disgust me. how can you live with yourself? you sit on a throne of lies. 
 0-americans! note the abhorrent arrogance, seared conscience, utter disgust the media has for its audience. they openly 
 0-trump's disgust with clinton's bathroom break explains a lot. he apparently doesn't go himself and by now it's backed up to his skull. 
 0-disgust 
 0-wow okay i don't think i can fit my level of disgust at your response into  characters xoxo 
 0-you disgust me 
 3-people who maintain healthy eating living at christmas disgust me. it's the festive season for fuck sake get a few mince pies in ya gob 
 0-parents who'd rather go out instead of spending time with their children disgust me. like its never that deep 
 0-you disgust me.  points. 
 0-or just in disgust 
 3-i'm finally to the point where you actually disgust me. 
 1-i don't trust dykes 
 1-i disagree, i think you do and who cares if some bull dykes get pissed lol 
 3-schlongs or dykes....or president jarrett 
 3-so should we avoid the word dyke? or can schlongs offend dykes? please, more straw men.hillary is a liar.moving on. 
 0-i realleeee want a dykes emoji. not sure they ever produce a dutch clogs one shadda x ya opened prezzies eeeearleeee!!! 
 3-let's just say dykes* because it goes both ways. 
 3-still no mills clogs or dykes on my new tablet but look these are new 
 0-just a quick search and this came up check it out interesting 
 3-exploitation humor featuring a group of psychotic lesbians. 
 1-deadass going to square with those bull dykes at game stop for selling me a broken xbox one 
 0-well argued but im betting those two countries gather their figures differently. 
 1-why cant dykes stop having periods 
 3-some dykes are just soo gorgeous like there's no need for you to be a dyke honey 
 0-word. 
 0-obsessed with augusts new 
 0-no pun intended love you 
 3-no baby dykes on my tl shall prosper develations : 
 0-the coolest girl everrrrr 
 3-most dykes hair be so nice 
 3-dykes be funny as hell 
 3-do dykes shave they pussy 
 0-having my nails done is so nice 
 3-lol fat dykes 
 3-idk what happened but all most all the chicago dykes i knew are with men and pregnant now 
 0-dykeslesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?... 
 0-dykeslesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?... 
 3-dykeslesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?... 
 3-dykeslesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?... 
 0-jackie dykes show leon mcintyre this xx 
 3-old school dykes just wanna be niggas who wear basketball shorts as boxers. dass all 
 3-looking for serious dating. dykes bop deployable democratizes bitchy jan." who's jan? 
 3-they said she been hanging around dykes lately and joseline did eat it so i'm not surprised if it's true 
 3-some y'all dykes out there wayyy to conceited for no damn reason hahha 
 0-dykeslesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?... 
 3-dykeslesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?... 
 3-new school dykes 
 3-lmfao i don't get how dykes call other dykes dykes" when all y'all look like little boys 
 0-by matthew_dykes, idk what to put here but it's nice more at 
 3-there was only three crews you could rock with back then heartbreakers fgc, or whitetee that's it.. all the other dykes was washed 
 3-i like all types of lesbians jus not the 
 0-jackie dykes xx 
 1-you're right however, when two dykes adopt a black kid and call it moon. that's a complex waiting to happen. 
 1-short dykes are the devil 
 3-but the baby dykes was kicking it tho 
 3-im still not sure if i'm supposed to call fags and dykes 
 3-all the dykes taking construction jobs from niggas 
 0-than a waffle" 
 0-just noticed my earring holes are uneven, they've been pierced for  years.. 
 3-almost  all these dykes gettin fucked" 
 0-pls retweet carter announcement feminism over religion blessingsall 
 0-enter to win a target gift card! 
 0-season  ends on a high with the paintball double but quite a few different episodes before that. season  tomorrow 
 0-i just hope sciles ends up together 
 0-it's not everyday your xmas present from the path team dicephalic calf head) ends up being taken to for a ct! 
 0-before the op ends like in dino charge. 
 0-lightning deal! incredible  discount! ends in h m! lepow moonstone series mah... 
 3-i'm literally starving but i can't eat until my fucking orthodontist appointment ends which is gonna take at least another half an hour help 
 0-healthy baby bath time us/can ends / more! via 
 0-healthy baby bath time us/can ends / more! via 
 0-dow ends up  as u.s. oil beats brent: dow adds to monday's point rebound with 
 3-hell yea i just hope i don't get ur scope notifications all late and shit like when it ends. 
 0-i have to read  more books to complete my  challenge before the year ends, you think i can make it? want to bet on it? 
 0-little one insisted to sleep with mom and refused sharing the bed with dad. dad ends up sleeping in the living room with cat. 
 0-enter to win kitchenware fr ends / 
 0-ends january nd  enter for a chance to win a free platinum fifa approved soccer ball. 
 0-agreed but i fear we come at it from oppositre ends. im a former judge i know what is isnt constitional. 
 0-enter our  papers more! ends / 
 0-all that ever crosses my mind is how it sucks knowing this ends up nowhere 
 0-check out on 
 0-i'm finally getting a sense of content and i hate it. being comfortable always ends badly 
 3-lil faggot 
 3-i like the whole you commonplace action* you're a faggot" tweets 
 1-these faggot ass niggas really think they a female 
 3-let's get that number to  pd's next year! oh, almost forgot, fuck off faggot!! 
 1-id scam you too you're a fucking faggot 
 1-yes, i miss a virtual helmet being the best helmet in a virtual fantasy world u fucking retarded ape faggot autist 
 1-my faggot ass manager showed his colors again today son 
 1-you like it? you can eat shit, fuck off little faggot 
 1-stop taking a shit faggot 
 1-lol suck my motherfucking dick, faggot 
 3-are you gonna call my mommy on me?....fuckin' faggot. 
 3-sh faggot 
 3-maho faggot 
 1-pandorasissy: my new site pandora sissy love xoxoxo smallclitsissy@ymail.com 
 3-they don't u faggot, they aren't even together anymore 
 3-if im a faggot spell it right cause i got way more than  g's 
 3-pandorasissy: my new site pandora sissy love xoxoxo smallclitsissy@ymail.com 
 3-alex: emo stranger: you faggot!!wanna go outside?!" alex:" 
 1-you're a fucking faggot 
 1-i'm a faggot tho. lmfaoooooo 
 3-faggot lol 
 1-twistvh great fucking dude, you're a faggot and ily 
 1-fuck yiu faggot theyre ouctures she fooled us all 
 1-wow faggot. 
 1-how are you gonna call anyone a dike when you're a fucking faggot? please take multiple days sweetie 
 1-if u didn't watch gavin stacey ur a faggot 
 1-ikr what a fucking faggot 
 1-that moment when a faggot creeps through twitter to find your xbox twitter without your name anywhere so he can copy my posts about 
 1-it's faggot though right? 
 3-my faggot boss is making me work tomorrow 
 3-at your own stupidity? 
 3-go back to bed faggot 
 1-if you put your socks on before your draws u also a faggot 
 0-im screaming 
 3-i wanna pay and be sissy faggot for you goddess please 
 3-i ain't photogenic, i ain't no faggot 
 1-what a faggot. kys 
 3-feel like being a brat, leaving faggot on read 
 1-cold"@offensiivepoems: nobody cares, what you have to say. because when you're a faggot, your opinion is gay." 
 3-shut up you fucking faggot. 
 1-maria left me for some faggot in the park 
 3-bring your faggot ass back 
 1-faggot go hang yourself with a tree xx 
 1-pussy faggot 
 3-faggot 
 3-u a faggot if u photogenic 
 1-wtf faggot 
 3-he said you tried to bribe him to go first quit trying to scam faggot your bad at it 
 1-you piece of shit. i stepped on dog puke last night cause your faggot ass was feeding that fag fries 
 3-what're you a faggot 
 3-black ops  kids are such faggots im so done 
 0-yet we don'o have acceptancebfor call each other faggots behind the keyl of a message.board 
 3-these fucking faggots are awful!!!! lololol 
 1-running with lfg faggots who think they know everything 
 1-the turks were always a bunch of two timing twats. faggots with small balls. 
 1-where were you when god died? burning in hell with the rest of the faggots 
 1-probably the easiest way to get blocked on here, faggots 
 3-rs is for faggots 
 1-canada is full of faggots like you 
 1-mw is full of fuckign retarded noobtubing faggots retards spraying the barrett i cba playing 
 1-shit filed with hackers and a bunch of oma danger close noob tubing faggots 
 1-niggas faggots, bitches maggots, riding fast thought it was tragic 
 3-next generation cuckservatives will speak reverently of trump the way they do of reagan today. reagan would have hated you faggots. 
 3-faggots folllow@me i dont owe any of you shit if we arent mutuals 
 3-people are faggots. dont give them attention; it defeats them more than a roast does. 
 1-faggots who ain't come out the closet yet be like... 
 1-decent governor protect his state from evil faggots any way he can 
 1-i'll sort the faggots out 
 3-faggots 
 3-bunch of slack jawed faggots around here! 
 3-i've seen you two bench so don't pipe up 
 3-heres the best kimoji faggots 
 3-a meth lab faggots* 
 3-faggots? 
 3-these faggots look like they ate out smurfs 
 1-whats that site thats like a safe space for faggots 
 1-you guys are faggots and have no life's and u should just quit in life cause you can do anything so u hack 
 3-i thrive off winding up faggots and feminists on twitter 
 3-give me my money you fucking faggots 
 1-thanks to the crowd fire app i just unfollowed a whole bunch of ppl who didn't follow me back. fucking faggots 
 3- fellow faggots away from  fam 
 3-i love your originality faggots 
 3-fuckin faggots lmao 
 3-these punk ass lil faggots never fail to surprise me when they magically grow a pair of balls n talk reckless over the feed. 
 3-fuck, i hope this pic was photoshopped because it wasn't these faggots are not going to hell.... 
 1-who says this type of shit? only faggots. poor anna 
 3-i ain't gone be too many niggas" cuz i listen to a certain rapper, nigga. tf you think this was? 
 1-setting up my new xbox one while you faggots work to please me. i'll never have enough. 
 3-faggots are gay 
 1-its a fukin joke. cesc such a piece of shit. fukin faggots supporting him. sagna top  player we had last  years 
 1-no. i just don't like faggots. 
 1-i am superior u r all edgy faggots ur an fgt 
 1-pink cause youre all faggots 
 3- has been one hell of a ride, but i'm glad i got these faggots in my corner at all times. i love y'all. 
 1-traps are faggots must die! 
 1-most awkward sexting i've ever seen you absolute faggots 
 3-women that support and enable antichrist politicians, parties, faggots, femcunts, etc. deserve bills" 
 1-u guys are still being faggots huh 
 3-bad bitches cuz they like bad bitches too* hood faggots with a bad attitude* 
 3-most of you are circle jerking faggots tbh. 
 0-you dont see adverts for methadone which implies it's safer than heroin when will the government step up on the vaporizing efags / 
 0-have you gone to get your fags 
 3-yall cant even spell and you expect us to believe you can do that ha fags 
 3-no goofies no fashion fags 
 1-fuck you and i'm your i you. 
 1-fags 
 3-rebel fags get out reeeeeeee 
 1-fuckin homo fags 
 0-you claim poverty and smoke? pack of fags is a couple of meals it? 
 0-
 3-all my friends are fags 
 3-we had a blast being fags 
 1-i don't like fags or weed so:// 
 1-so are we talking third party trolls who want attention or agg fags who want attention? 
 3-yall fags hot wings all day 
 1-some fags 
 3-can u fags just come play we need  
 1-its no even that the reputation of anime what reputation? of weeb fags speaking in broken jap and dressing as naruto? 
 3-smoked aboot . fags the nigjt 
 0-thanks for the fags! 
 0-
 1-isis, a bunch of girlie ladyboi homo polesmoking fags: 
 3-none of these fags 
 0-still can't believe my secret santa got me fags and a lighter! 
 0-hi fags. hope you enjoy conforming to straight lifestyles with gaymarriage. but your parents will always be disappointed. 
 1-nlnb some fags 
 3-since when did a  deck of fags reduce to ?! robbing twats 
 1-why are u fags involving me and randi in this stfu i feel bad for us 
 3-fags 
 1-nlmb some fags 
 0-nope, he just wasted his uncle's christmas gift gift for u fags) and he got  purples and the rest were blues. 
 0-and a pack of fags? could of got a freddo mate 
 1-it's sad to think that some lowtier fags go to lans like like tf 
 3-smh friends with a bunch of fags 
 0-u kno its gona b a gd night when ur mum gives u one of her fags lool 
 1-their still those same fags from melbourne 
 1-what's with basketball players wearing yoga pants under their shorts? fags 
 1-he ain't good huh? fucking fatherless fags 
 1-u come out now fags 
 3-you and can call me on so i can drain that bank of yours. 
 3-goodnight fags 
 1-are pvp fags the most cancerous thing that happened to the souls series? yeah lore fags are cancerouse too but 
 3-new fags 
 3-right... and when you guys did it it to other fags on twitter it was ayyok right lmao 
 0-a few shots from laker airways inflight magazine. loads of legroom cheap booze fags. airline perfection! 
 1-your article was good bro. props. i hate those fags... you're still stupid tho hahaha 
 1-this is literally what i'll be doing until i leave cause like no car and my friends are fags lol 
 1-fags was kissin 
 0-would just be happy with a pack of fags and some bacardi for my birthday hahahaha 
 1-shaynes one of those fags who like harry faggot potter as a kid you like like that nigga too 
 3-was i the only one uncomfortable with how miss philippines boobs were flopping all over the stage or 
 0-still flopping 
 0-my abuela held firm to her believes instead of flipflopping to fit agendas, can't say the same about 
 0-people saying that one direction are flopping 
 0-donald, you dare apologize for saying hillary got updated flopping aces 
 0-the painting once hung as if i was trying to connect to where it was. flopping down on the straw bed a puff~ 
 0-hahah.. how u flopping on a easy diet.. stick to broccolli n chicken.. the good ol way 
 3-enjoy august's first week sales as well, may i throw in how bad trey's last shit is flopping or should i stop? 
 0-well at least you didn't see it flopping around like i did when i took the picture. 
 0-mermaid cheerleader in the background awkwardly flopping about because the aquarium is dry. 
 0-but d are flopping and justin is owning the charts happy for him but i was given a feeling" and 
 0-had been awake a while until you woke up. i had made some food for us and bring it back in flopping down on the couch with 
 0-it's flopping no pls 
 0-when you lowkey know hillary is a flip flopping war criminal but you pretend to like her due to societal pressures: 
 0-my game is flopping no! 
 0-no flopping  times a week this is a commitment 
 0-was going to get one for my friend but she's how much do they usually go for? can't find them in mp. 
 0-or a bio im flopping 
 0-you're not even flopping 
 0-i'm glad ur flopping now 
 0-and you can tell that victor dude i'm still waiting since yesterday for proof of cruz's constantly flip flopping charge 
 3-holy shit i thought i was flopping 
 0-that tweet from rbb coupled with the publicity for her flopping show convinced me this is fake 
 0-dick has been flopping around on tv all year 
 0-flip flopping is normal with politicians! 
 0-oh god i haven't seen a crossfit pull up in a long time. i forgot how much of a literal flop it is. like literally flopping around. 
 0-bobby for god freaking flip flopping sakes 
 0-it's flopping omg 
 0-your fav is flopping while my fav be popping 
 0-dick has been flopping around on tv all year 
 0-on the couch beside as you soon find the channel. ahh, time to relax. 
 3-what is wrong with kristi!? i and that nsfw work when the screen shot is busted open wet ass pussy and dick justa flopping! 
 3-dick has been flopping around on tv all year 
 0-tinashe leaked the terrible favours' herself and then featured cb on the solid maybe it's karma she's flopping a bit 
 3-dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d at 
 0-dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d 
 0-dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d 
 0-dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d 
 0-dick has been flopping around on tv all year 
 3-dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d 
 3-dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d 
 3-dick has been flopping around on tv all year is 
 3-dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d 
 0-but it will be the best the world has ever seen, oh queen of flailing and flopping. 
 0-the bleacher report only has + pages with clippers flop. yet, how many times have the clippers been fined for flopping? 
 0-no flip flopping for me 
 0-favouritism flipflopping constantly in this one. newton,  up in legs, and  up in sets, now /. 
 0-it's a shame cause i felt the no flopping initiative was a good one, they just didn't care to follow through and enforce it 
 3-dick has been flopping around on tv all year 
 0-for the past three weeks i've been trying to get my friends all to come with me jump giants every i flopping it man!! 
 0-forced family photo: i just took one of my kids. if you gave any.. tweet them to me. i love being mom! 
 0-if they take him off the pedestal they have to admit he wanted val and not that she forced or tricked him. her fault 
 0-that's horrible just block them like you shouldn't be forced to follow people it's your acc 
 3-this so forced and nasty. hate niggas like this. 
 0-if jose mourinho is to take the manchester united job, he will be forced to take a  percent pay cut from the... 
 3-didn't you wash the dishes today? you were home all day" because i didn't fucking eat today and i was forced to stay home 
 0-girl wore a blm shirt and said it in a school video, and she was forced to apologize 
 0-maine teacher who was forced to take down christmas tree is told she can put it back. 
 0-then i will be forced to actually get niv involved in our thread(s). 
 0-tea forced me to watch anime while she sleeps so i'm watching it and im scared 
 0-i got sssm again after deleting it from my life and now i hate it even more bc i cant log in my old account and is forced to make a new one 
 0-forced smile. that's exactly what jace was doing right now. tossing her blade aside, the redhead approached 
 0-maternity ward at sa country hospital forced to close for christmas 
 0-abc maternity ward at sa country hospital forced to close for christmas 
 0-why are people of bundelkhand forced to eat roti made of grass? via 
 0-reason for he be forced coax the services re la math assistant professor: dlmu 
 1-i think israel meaning all of us, are sick to put up with any of them. they should be forced into exile. or killed 
 0-maternity ward at sa country hospital forced to close for christmas 
 0-never seen such a forced couple! hope found her perfect match with aiden!they need bring him back! 
 0-i'm not a hugger so why the hell should my kids be? via 
 0- creepy changes the government forced on movies tv shows: 
 0-looool. you want to force those doing it out of choice to stop. to prove that some are being forced? 
 0-sun forced to print frontpage correction over corbyn claim 
 0-when you're forced to be a savage 
 0-cory stubbs was forced to delete  months of tweets b/c twitter told him he was engaging in and 
 0-the should be forced to have green grass in order to qualify as a bowl game 
 0-i was forced to wear that hat, nobody believe what you see 
 0-nope. forced unfollowed them, then when they done again i blocked them lol x 
 0-a blind girl banned from using her white stick has been forced to change schools 
 0-you and julie are bad influences! i've just been forced to buy the bath jewels box x 
 0-was young and she was forced to be a woman." 
 0-family who forced woman to eat her own faeces before beating her to death jailed 
 0-yep, i don't celebrate it, usually work it, but this yer have been forced to endure it, i'm really struggling tbh 
 0-deafeningly silent?his newspaper was forced to apologise for telling lies leader labour leader today in uk 
 0-third orca dies six months this is disgusting! all should b forced out business 
 0-i no longer have energy for meaningless friendships, forced interactions, or unnecessary conversations... 
 0-forced it 
 0-get rid off the forced mobile authenticator plsss 
 0-at work i was forced to listen to the most disgusting bowie cover it was painful for me 
 0- mexicans died after being kidnapped and forced to fig... 
 0-i cannot think of anybody prettier than you misty 
 0-listen, listen....you're not listening to me! 
 0-the army life 
 3-kevin gates lyricism as a trap rapper gets overlooked by y'all because he eat the booty and fuck his cousin from time to time 
 0-accident in on elmgrove rd both nb/sb at hwy  
 0-get up on my levelkevin gates 
 0-tops salary&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;bill gates 
 0-this is click it stereotype coming! 
 0- kissing tips you need to know 
 0-there again it's almost petty cash to bill gates 
 0-how proud i am of my boy joseph n'guessan scoring a hattrick for us v crystal palace.  goals in  games, week 
 0-hey matt, how's it going? should i start wilson or rivers at qb this week and should i start gates or barnidge at te? 
 0-since we're splitting bills.. where are the gates millennium scholars to help me pay my student loans? 
 0-the flood gates are open 
 0- gates tap takeover happening tonight  columbia street buffalo  
 0-no, but you can blame them for literally opening the gates on several occasions, much like they're figuratively doing now. 
 0-peter de groot and peter gates illustrate two of merpati' s liveries. its history is at 
 0-this is click it stereotype coming! 
 0-stydnews why fulci's city of the living dead will always be 
 0-mom made eggrolls tysm 
 0-this is click it stereotype coming! 
 0-you are the best! truely! thank you for everything! 
 0-the top  goodnews stories of  
 0-this is click it stereotype coming! 
 0-i liked a video minecraft tutorial castle gates up to  blocks wide plus more 
 0-cashing out on lil gates christmas presents 
 0-this is click it stereotype coming! 
 0-treasure island media 
 0-herhh efficient paa. what dat?mr.gates buy me new ride. i nogo bab! 
 0-mood kevin gates 
 0-u dressing up lacie... 
 0-stop lyin x kevin gates has always been my song lmao! 
 0-but i'm hoping that the gates 
 0-i'll follow that man to the gates of hell and back again as we resurrect the giant from the dead!!! 
 0-any chance you could get that brasi  intro" by kevin gates on before ? big ask i know but that track is just pure 
 0-im the angel at heavens gates 
 0-clip of evolution' documentary on at the gates' of the soul" available 
 0-front gates, his transformation had worn off. now, all mario had to worry about was what he was going to tell adrien once 
 0-i'm obsessed with kevin gates.... 
 0-im always gonna be good 
 0-young jeezy ft kevin gates she know on submit to dopesouf@gmail.com to be on air 
 0-i liked a video from young thug destroyed ft. kevin gates 
 0-who has the best targets to throw to?.......philip rivers has m. floyd and a. gates....thats pretty much it. 
 0-artist gates bought a crumbling chicago bank for made it a worldclass center via 
 0-i'ma ho!!! an jus like kevin gates say takes to know one"... 
 1-i am not a racist, i just don't approve of a homo, treasonous, fucktard embarrassing america 
 0-the most important picture of  
 3-yoichi would platonically suck yuu's dick. no homo my dude, just a brojob, bro. 
 1-i see you u homo 
 3-when people act gay and say no homo 
 0-it around town grandma!!!!! 
 0-if i kiss genos, would he stop screaming. no homo, though. 
 1-i gave it three thumbs up as well but i didn't need to grow a third because i already have a third. get it... ps no homo. 
 3-the expression homo' is so funny it literally means man' 
 0-me: ok but where is all this fanart coming from me: the sexy sonic!arin pictures] me: me: incredible 
 1-ikr saying no offense doesn't change the meaning at all, kind of like saying no homo, that doesn't make any less gay 
 1-who can i talk to about my feelings. no homo. 
 0-this reminds me of no homo lmao 
 3-ben please love me, but no homo 
 1-if a nigga still saying no homo then i'm a think he gay 
 0-vape, homo, meme 
 0-have you already chosen the winners? or are you going to pick them during the stream? btw if u read this i love u no homo&lt; 
 3-the best version of santa baby is the no homo version by michael 
 1-lmao niggas trying on outfits in the middle of the store on the strength of no homo? 
 0-had a convo about evolutionary psych with someone yesterday...we reasoned by virtue of bigotry they're inferior homo sapiens... 
 1-are you implying that we were never % real homo^tm 
 3-ahhh i see i thought you meant fe:a yaaas the next game has homo relationships and i'm still screaming me big fan too 
 1-fuckin homo fags 
 3-i heard the next one you can be actual homo my roommate is big fan 
 3-homo, drugs, pain 
 0-e.t. phone homo 
 3-sparky mixing up home and homo 
 0-loool, you're not in even it..or worthy to be in that club! what spacex did was x more difficult. 
 3-lool yeh she is a model that i know and she came down to show so of that homo support on my movement. 
 3-moans* 
 0-homo homini lupus! i'm a corporate wolf, and you are my sheeps! 
 0-homo sapiens by bradley williamson 
 3-i love and respect you no homo but for christmas go talk to the gym girl actually when you can see her again go talk to her 
 0-wet dreams from the 
 3-when ur no homo bro has ur back 
 0-homo, pain, death....... 
 3-you forgot to say homo" so this is really gay. 
 0-delete this 
 0-lol..there are about  million gop candidates and every single one of them is obsessed with hillary clinton. 
 1-i stabbed a homo because i'm a pimp 
 3-bro yes homo 
 3-yeah real shit homo mingling with heterosexual man.. i just ain't cool wit seeing a grown man dress like a woman like wtf fagg 
 3-i got u ma nigga all homo kuz 
 3-if you ain't in favour of boots on the ground you hate america, hate israel and are unpatriotic. oh, and most likely a communist. 
 3-there was an underlying pressure that if i didn't participate i was some how homo and i felt they were homos for wanting this. 
 0-no homo, i love tory lanez and bryson tiller 
 3-reuben from the german yaoidouji homo" by yaa 
 1-kill they saying odell homo lmao 
 3-paul nye the science homo. 
 0-technology is evolving us, says amber case, as we become a screenstaring, buttonclicking new version of homo sapiens. 
 0-never buy me things with horses printed on it just because i ride. i'm not a six year old who needs all my things to reflect a single hobby. 
 0-band of horses the funeral 
 0-essential oils for natural pet care: cats, dogs, horses 
 3-ryan giggs ain't ready yet. if zinedine zidane ain't ready, then giggsy should just hold his fucking horses 
 0-they don't want you on horses! they don't want you to try different things! they don't want you !!! 
 0-suppose captain birdseye is uncle albert off only fools n horses. x 
 0-check out the new sale horses 
 0-wishing everyone a very merry christmas a happy new year looking forward to coaching you all in  and achieving many more goals. 
 0-ah, so that's why doesn't use horses: the comic series. 
 0-guns n' roses wild horses patience live tokyo  hd p] 
 0-everyone making case for horses to improve many lengths just to compete vs happy reminds me of tonalist love fest before bc. 
 0-we love horses 
 0-one of yall horses wasnt a horse 
 0-a gathering of horses via 
 0-ooo he looks very sassy in the first picture. i'm expecting a break out of jazz hands/hooves any time soon. all that 
 0-i bet you don't have horses that come to your job 
 0-may the postie not spare the horses when delivering these. post isn't all that express sometimes. 
 0-hey sone resh, thanks for the follow! drive the horses to water... you make them drink... we drive traffic to your business, you 
 0-bring emergency shelter and shade to captive wild horses and burros sign the petition! via 
 0-bad gas sparked spat, deputies seize five horses, crazy video captures wrongway driver in action and others... 
 0-sea horses are fascinating. check this list of interesting facts. fyi: men carry birth the little fry. 
 0-on a really weird note, between the ages of  to , i used to call horses shlotie...shloooo tiiiie really drew out the vowels 
 0-i posted  photos on facebook in the album i!" 
 0-let's get the mustang babies out of the blm pen before christmas! via 
 0-worst sketch ever, winter weather,  million floridians: bad gas sparked spat, deputies seize five horses, cr... 
 0-im in kentucky thats basically the same thing but with chicken and horses 
 0-a top  of horses i think can make further inroads in , wouldn't mine  
 0-what's the horses name? and where are you, the background is beautiful? 
 0-polo horses on the pjs 
 0-all the king's horses karmina 
 0-a lot of horses are like you'd be a multimillionaire 
 3-everyones a fucking hypocrite 
 0-ok. and so have you? don't call me out when a) i didn't even know scuba hacked and b) you're a hypocrite. 
 0-i'm not saying y'all shouldn't stand up for selena, but don't be a hypocrite. 
 0-i don't recall hillary's outrage over the treatment of woman with monica lewinsky? just the opposite. attacked her. hypocrite. 
 0-what a hypocrite 
 0-like u're one to talk smh hypocrite 
 0-welcome back to th century kentucky. where this superstitious hypocrite is the new face of our state. 
 0-black lives matter violates the rights of others all the time, hypocrite. 
 3-i avoid royal pr, didn't watch it. if so, what a fucking hypocrite! unfollowed 
 0-what a hypocrite 
 0-can't stand a hypocrite. 
 0-you'd think the herald would've learned after wee free homosexual hypocrite john macleod. 
 3-you are such a fucking hypocrite! 
 0-obviously these two and hypocrite are not patriots! 
 0-yet you blocked me on twitter youtube, you pathetic hypocrite! 
 0-suuuuuch a hypocrite lmao 
 0-i swear atleast % of newton falls is inbred 
 1-tell that to your inbred redneck farmers, i don't live anywhere near goats. they do. 
 3-ur inbred 
 1-i'm sorry but if you slam your cars you are a fucking retarded inbred dumbass. 
 3-proof you inbred fuck 
 3-inbred labor imbecile very pissed off about labor 
 3-you may even see some of the inbred bishop lot 
 0-yeah it has nothing to do with inbred racists. jealous? 
 0-% inbred 
 0-i'd check my family tree to see how inbred i actually am. 
 1-hey you ignorant inbred cousin cock suckers this women never said thisyou're jacking each other's dicks! 
 3-fuck up ya inbred 
 3-inbred cruel arsehole. 
 3-that guy was a fucking inbred 
 3-who the fukh says this about their own flesh and blood is he a fan of inbreeding too the inbred twat. 
 3-drug addled inbred labor voter your fair share labor 
 0-westboro inbred choir. 
 0-got cornbread, ya got cinnamon bread, ya got inbred..." 
 0-you sound like an inbred platypus 
 1-breaking news!!!! get back to ur normal day job sucking dick and flipping burgers u inbred fagget! u is a bumbaclot bum sucka 
 0-cant even come with original material? no! im in shock! and here i thot id be properly schooled by a proud teabagger inbred! 
 0-you ok inbred or has your brother parred you off? 
 3-all inbred there" oh right dad ok 
 0-nath just said it's not inbred if you wear a condom 
 1-inbred labor imbeciles your fair share labor 
 3-i'll kill his inbred ass 
 3-lol im far from inbred you cunt 
 1-you have  followers, you filthy armpit licking paid commie troll. get off your inbred 
 3-fucking repost the video you fucking inbred cunts i didn't see it this is so homophobic 
 0-i meant as in be proud lol represent. that could be the case but shit theres still  inbred white folks jealous of ya lol 
 0-genetic architecture of atherosclerosis in mice: a systems genetics analysis of common inbred... 
 0-woke up at :, got back inbred at : and ate cannoli cream. haven't showed and haven't changed my clothes since last night.... 
 0-make me sound inbred why don't you 
 1-genoa city... you'll never a larger place filled with inbred rich kids 
 0-i mean a true prince not an inbred accident of birth 
 0-makes sense bc of how inbred the blacks were, sirius's parents were cousins god bless walburga blackblack and i died 
 3-tell him he's gotta be inbred if he doesn't think j no is the truth. are the statistics and tape not enough evidence?? 
 3-idiots missed the any lady here on twitter who will have a realition with  on her own free will? 
 0-i need to finish it all christmas eve, doing half a days work then probably go to the inbred town of telford 
 3-u prob dont own a passport let alone have the right to comment on shit u know nothing of u inbred pos 
 0-looool. no one is inbred in australia m 
 0-we can confirm that c*unty are still yokel tinks. supported by scotland's equivalent of brandine cletus spuckler from the simpsons 
 0-u mean inbred? 
 1-i fucking hate welham green chavs, you lots are some filthy fucking animals inbred bastards 
 3-get yourself some tea and a couple ginger inbred biscuits and settle doon pal 
 3-and can't exactly hear sarcasm, or know if it's a joke from text you inbred, do you live in alabama or some shit lol. 
 3-as well as one of the most fucking retarded languages. please kill yourself you inbred fuck. 
 3-what's wrong with aids prevention, you inbred halfwits 
 0-pray for this inbred girl please 
 3-i literally call a bitch sick once and i got inbred bitches on my dick oh my god 
 0-i think people are beginning to understand; would a nazi allow a jew to opt out of shower? 
 0-first they came for the jews and i wasn't a jew so my msm told me to shout 
 0-anyway i`m only playing with you mikey, i believe you are atheist. why not? gd knows i know you`re not a jew 
 0-usa deals antique art deco platinum .ctw diamond hamilton manual mm 
 0-usa deals sterling silver  k gold overlay set ring pendant earrings 
 1-jew scum murdered my grandfather's employer, czar nicholas and his entire family should i love jews now? fuck the jews 
 3-no just stop you jew 
 3-what type of friend forces you to fuck someone smh where y'all bitches morals at? 
 0-new k yellow gold saint st. anthony religious medal pendant necklace 
 0-k gold sterling silver diamond ruby stud earrings gemstone jewelry 
 0-.ct aquamarine emerald beads  sterling silver chain necklace jewelry 
 0-designer  sterling silver pave diamond fashion crown charm pendant jewelry 
 0-gemstone k gold diamond pave  sterling silver lapis lazuli pendant jewelry 
 0- sterling silver  in graduated bezel cz necklace 
 0-geometric blue lapis lazuli cabochons sterling silver choker bib necklace  ss 
 0-new subversive jewelry by justin giunta silver tone ceramic pendant necklace 
 0-vintage  karat white gold diamond mens dress ring fine estate jewelry 
 0-.ct diamond  sterling silver k gold designer pendant fashion jewelry 
 0-solid k yellow gold stud earrings pave diamond women's/men's fine jewelry  mm 
 0-k gold. sterling silver diamond choker necklace beads jewelry 
 0-mens white gold finish simulated diamond fully iced out loop key chain 
 0-i/g .ct round cut diamond jewelry twotone gold men's engagement ring band 
 0-diamond and k gold mens ring jewelry brand new ring pinky ring mens jewelry 
 0-ky large citrine gents ring estate jewelry free sizing 
 0-k yellow gold " inch figaro link jewelry chain for men 
 0-k gold natural white round cut diamond mens anniversary wedding band vintage 
 0-mens k yellow gold egyptian queen nefertiti real diamond charm pendant .ct 
 0-jesus preaching pose k yellow gold pendant xl ." pixel diamond cut necklace 
 0-. carat vvs round cut diamond engagement solitaire ring k white gold 
 0-. cttw diamond engagement ring k white gold classic princess cut e si 
 0- ct diamond engagement ring k rose gold classic round d color, si clarity 
 1-alex is the black jew. penny pinching rich african bitch 
 0-. cttw diamond engagement ring k white gold classic princess cut f si 
 0-. ct new diamond engagement anniversary ring k gold color, vs clarity) 
 0-cz stones, aaa, cubic zirconia, round .mm through .mm full dia cut 
 0-cz stones, aaa, cubic zirconia, round .mm through .mm full dia cut 
 0-vegan twitter is basically a secret clique of avocado worshipping, tree hugging losers and i love it 
 0-i just wanna listen to good music with cool people by cool i mean total losers like me) 
 0-grinch ad: awesome commentary losers have to divert their ineptness/corruptness by pointing fingers. 
 0-win is a win...and we won . we also loss  games but looking at your record is for losers." coach mac maybe 
 0-shorter murdering babies polls well so the gop should keep funding it gope losers in a nutshell there. 
 0-little losersplay with us: 
 0-i'm outliving all of you losers 
 0-time you go to your twitter profile account, the losers watching actually see a different page." 
 0-do me a favor losers don't fucking dm me unless you have/are going to tribute. my attention is not free for you worms! 
 0-is the name of track. are no losers obvi. 
 3-early night for me spoil me while i'm away also rt follow i need more sissy losers chastity sluts 
 0-what a bunch of losers...a jedi knight and chewbacca would never join the empire in a player announcement. 
 0-still pissed at ppl hating on pia for winning. they couldn't even give a valid reason on why she's at fault. pathetic sore losers smh 
 0-the real losers here are steve perpiglia's crew. this game has been too close for our favorite player to see any action. 
 0-i'm sooo glad i now know these 
 0-a hero. a hero. together: boom. 
 0-yo seb!!! you should love and i!!! because i mean...were pretty much losers 
 0-i am literally one of the biggest losers 
 0-winners make a habit of doing things that losers 
 0-i hope he had a nice round. i also think this is not news and shouldn't be reported by losers 
 0-where did you interpret that the cardinals and fans are scared and sore losers? it was an interview with wainwright. 
 3-what a bunch of fucking losers 
 0-same lmao i be fake outraged as if im the woman who has to deal with these losers 
 0-anyone who loves america and has brain cells loves trump...tell the losers running against you, act,destroy isis now 
 0-miami mean girls sex for losers direct link 
 3-are we gonna wear name tags? outside of giant jer dont know what the fuck you losers look like 
 0-are you guys emailing only the winners or the losers as well? 
 0-how pathetic is this group another set of losers 
 0-winners win. losers make 
 3-fuck u niggas y'all thought j was being srs bout my main chicks name losers 
 0-only way to generate interest is to promote the losers on the right, else hrc sweeps 
 0-little losersplay with us: 
 0-losers are also busy. 
 0-she's the ambassador. the losers are immediately inducted into the universal armed forces. 
 0-losers 
 0-expect me wow thxs mikey 
 0-you mine as well just get a new one. i've come to realization, that's what i need to do already. 
 0-super mario d world! blind beginning): 
 0-its alright hbu 
 0-anyway i`m only playing with you mikey, i believe you are atheist. why not? gd knows i know you`re not a jew 
 0-shawn, luke, mikey, calum 
 0-i won tickets for tomorrow 
 0-dump her mikey!!! 
 1-i hate all you guys 
 0-hahahaha! gutted! howa you any way mikey??? looking forward to xmas? 
 0-charlottsville bound 
 0-night mikey family! i'm still swooning over my special xmas card from ms stevie 
 0-lost all my videos from mikey great 
 0-i liked a video adele hello in cartoon voices) mikey bolts 
 0-i will be i'll be awake for a while. please look at the dm i sent you mikey xxx 
 0-luke korns, connor franta, mikey murphy, margarita elizabeth 
 0-just take me back to // i won't ever forget it 
 0-nuuuuu!!! just saying, blue is the brightest. other colors are kinda darker 
 0-pick me up some cologne 
 0-is to meet and xx 
 0-nan night all 
 0-can you ask mikey to dm me please it's been so 
 0-i liked a video fan accounts in real life  w/ luke mikey 
 0-i named my panda pillow pet mikey... turn up 
 0-i've been predicting this for some time 
 0-haha finally, but idk possibly 
 0-i feel you right now. 
 0-let's eat! 
 0-got me some food 
 0-it's not working 
 0-awww i miss you too mikey me and you should go out to lunch soon! 
 0-hey nash! 
 0-remember when mikey ordered subway for justin and got mad bc there wasn't any mustard.. 
 0-happy birthday 
 0-this makes no sense out of context you do realise? 
 0-blue would my third fav lol 
 0-me and my dog bruce! we love you so much. how about you tweet us a selfie of you and mikey now??? 
 0-buffy really needs to listen to giles. 
 0-live on mikey smalls is live!!!! 
 0-yeah i def feel you on that one. can't replicate perfection. 
 3-poor fucking mikey, right?? 
 0-just posted a photo 
 0-mikey got some bby hufs on the snap hahaha 
 0-happy birthday bro! 
 0-am so buzzin to see mikey february needs to hurry 
 0-because any cheesesteak place outside of philly aint philly 
 0-we watched the wrong film 
 0-sure bbg i'm doing a solo dm giveaway right now! since u tweeted mikey for me i'll make sure u get a solo dm 
 3-and answer ur dms loser 
 0-aw they're cute and also small enough to pick up. i can't pick up mikey anymore but when he was little he was so fluffy!! 
 3-aay nigger 
 3-mah nigger. good thing you stoped being now that you've become black, 
 3-big dick 
 1-supporters then sprung into action and beat up southhall while reportedly calling him a and a 
 3-i mind getting slagged when i was a wee guy for liking music". same cunts are aw slebberin' er drake and his like now. 
 1-damn liar...look at any inner city school and see you are a fucking idiot or just a nigger pushing liar. 
 3-you a corny ass nigger mane 
 1-white people will say nigger behind your back but never to your face. 
 1-better than good the  hours just flies by, there's gonna be word count uproar when it's released haha! 
 3-my money" by akil nadir, the anti nigger: a humble ardor mixtape 
 3-nigger juice preview type of thing already gone. 
 1-you go to the market and buy your sex? like agege bread? nigger!!! 
 3-black patron just called black cashier a stupid nigger. but obviously i'm the racist. somehow. 
 1-i never understood why people were obsessed with the o.j. simpson murders. he's a nigger who killed people. that's not a rare situation. 
 1-when playing catchphrase wants to be one"rachel nigger" 
 1-nigger no rsmb 
 3-calling him a nigger is no different from you being a saltine cracker, it still doesn't change nth 
 3-ew fuck drake softest nigger alive 
 3-follow back nigger 
 3-what did i say lil nigger 
 3-my grandma i'm sweating like a nigger on election day" 
 1-so nigger is looking for a blonde boi. a child. 
 1-after you drink water you gotta buy that  rack you said youd buy ya fucking nigger 
 3-stupid nigger 
 1-you're a nigger for this. 
 3-am i a nigger bc i actually think i like this jumpman song 
 3-or they want black women to let them call them nigger bitches while hitting it from the back..just what i heard tho 
 3-white people still think the word nigger is a good insult not going to stop me from giving a anglo saxon 
 1-nigger mother fucker 
 1-hey fuck you and your field nigger inferiority complex 
 1-you don't do shit on anything you're harmless you stay harmless you pathetic nigger 
 1-this is why you're the realest nigger 
 3-send for u shitty 
 1-watch me crank that nigger boi, and moon man that hoe. 
 1-geechi sin called me a nigger lol 
 3-my first. nigger. what's up whitey!!!! 
 3-stupid nigger 
 3-cause you're cool and i think it was a sand nigger 
 3-how long can i surf liveleak without seeing the word 
 3-u smoking dick ma nigger 
 1-i'm still static boot me nigger 
 1-why are they dropping nigger in a tweet like that's calm, can someone explain? 
 3-nigger is eating those cakes 
 3-so at : in this video, the racist girl decides to say on lil nigger"... 
 1-have a very very white nigger trash chritmas. happy holidays. and i really mean it truly. by aka thepeasants of ottawa aka kim reasbeck 
 3-my nigger 
 3-bout to go ham on a nigger if skype keep fucking up 
 1-i will take a look, from the one and only in all of canada. mr. white nigger trash of ottawa ontario. 
 3-i say nigger. 
 1-lmao right!!! shock of my life. light skinned nigger with beautiful brown eyes...totally not utata madiba... 
 3-jews don't eat gmo, but they make it. here's how you can easily avoid gmo.: 
 3-now y'all love him....he was  after that cardinals 
 3-probably because they're niggers. 
 3-my good up credit and y bands ah run it up i don't wait for niggers to give me allowance like 
 3-well, i'm not sure about that! niggers gona nig afterall 
 3-so much cloth even the starving niggers would tire of eating it 
 3-all you niggers stalking my twitter. hop off. niggas tryna catch the hands 
 3-over % of violent crime...niggers and spics...true story! 
 1-no it depends on keeping the niggers and ragheads out. putting queers back in the closet, and destroying all jews nor in israel 
 3-john thinks protestors are for niggers). is this ok? 
 1-isn't it hilarious, that the niggers have the audacity to claim white people have no culture? 
 1-fuck yall niggers 
 3-are we expecting lots of niggers? 
 3-white niggers' uhhh? 
 1-one cummie two cummie three cummie four how many niggers are in my store 
 3-yes i mean niggers 
 1-when you say aids, you means niggers?? 
 1-read first sandra bland is the casualty of weak niggers who think i'm too outspoken who 
 1-niggers are not allowed 
 3-niggers can say a gangster and a thug" and there peers will still respect them. white folks cant do that cause more is expected from us. 
 1-niggers 
 3-all niggers beware 
 1-fuck niggers 
 3-cunt 
 3-wow really?... did you really just say 
 1-being attacked by get attacked some more tho 
 1-the niggers in love one? 
 3-i read that normally till it got to the part, i read that in a texas accent. your a racist for that theory 
 3-i'm at school and wow you niggers hate bitch i wonder why 
 3-
 3-actions, not data. have them niggers voting democratic for the next  years" lbj. if ura democrat, i feel sorry u 
 1-one of my niggers asked for four bitches please if you know where to get them from tell me 
 1-i hate niggers!!! fuck mexicans!! 
 1-. niggers are delusional monkeys 
 1-i shouldn't have to define niggers for u racists fucks 
 3-i open only for real thug 
 1-good job for being niggers in a society amongst a society of black presidents 
 1-i hate niggers i hate traitors i hate traitor niggers in space moonman trooper,  
 3-this man keeps calling us niggers 
 3-niggers wanted to go home so quickly after dinner like we've got girlfriends waiting for us at the crib 
 1-told them niggers they done turn me to the old me 
 1-sandra bland is the casualty of weak niggers who think i'm too outspoken who would rather keep their few non... 
 3-i don't like niggers in my mentions get out 
 1-niggers look. i want to study law. i need this. it's a bird, and an attorney. 
 3-holy shit that's a niggers hand 
 3-sense  niggers dodge me like durango 
 3-mines niggers 
 1-boy they sleeping on you niggers about wake up 
 1-it's just as great when my grandmother chimes in too. alana why do you date niggers when there's plenty of white men out there" 
 0-let's say you're all correct and blacks are intellectually inferior. does this mean they should be mistreated?: 
 3-big cunt you pal 
 0-lol everyone deserves the right amount of love from me pal 
 0-should have gained  there pal,yeah i like to throw a curveball in now and then to have a bit of a cull hahaha. 
 0-idk what is called try it sometime algo different pal hambre que no she quita haha 
 0-are you actually going to read mine and follow me pal? 
 0-happy birthday pal!! hope it's great!!!! 
 0-sorry, think your cybernat pal bill got the wrong end of the stick! 
 0-jeb. clean up. go home. it's over pal. you are toast. the midget awaits you at home. listen tiny dancer is playing 
 0-when your pal comes in clutch for girls night. 
 0-meh i'm sweet pal 
 0-thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x. 
 0-thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x. 
 0-thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x. 
 0-thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x. 
 0-thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x. 
 0-thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x. 
 0-haha i'm getting better practice makes perfect pal xxxx 
 0-thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x. 
 0-thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x. 
 0-thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x. 
 0-thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x. 
 0-you know the whole fandom loves coz he's never portrayed as the bad guy in any of the fanfics! he's always the lovable pal! 
 0-anakin's little pal is so cute i hope he appears when they're grown ups 
 0-showing your love for your live in gal pal is not gay. it's beautiful. 
 0-whoa! 
 0-we'll see mate. bumped into my good pal so he'll keep me right 
 0-lol no i like taek more personally but i want deok sun to end up with jung pal 
 0-good job, pal. 
 0-i really want to go on a mission trip. 
 3-calling me a messy bitch when you don't know me and you look like napoleon dynamite, sick 
 0-i've only knew dtheimos for / hours and he's already a better pal than keenan 
 0-we smashed it pal 
 3-a shit ton pal 
 0-howdy! check out my pal's vids if you'd like! 
 0-howdy! check out my pal's vids if you'd like! 
 0-nite nite pal happy snoozes and dreams mwah 
 0-thank u pal 
 0-cebu pacific, pal ban hoverboards cnn philippines december ,  
 0-happy birthday old pal...stay beautiful 
 0-michael buble is not my pal. 
 3-now, stick to a circle. and sans wouldnt call pal for help from being bit, he would probably not care or go ape shit 
 0-hbd to my fun loving pal thanks for sharing your love of make up always being down to get 
 0-we would have to see. but if the board are % behind him they would give him money to improve 
 0-golden paw hugs* thank you my dearest bliss you is a good pal xxxx 
 0-holy mercy! 
 0-when your pal bumps the music a bit too much 
 3-you're all acting lit your best pal has mugged you right off, when in reality its fuck all like that 
 0- jeep grand cherokee limited dr wd suv for sale in pal: via 
 0-cheers pal. it just doesn't make sense to me 
 0-no bother pal 
 1-i stole them nights from her at her dads yard that's it. you queers want your cams night out paying for 
 1-no it depends on keeping the niggers and ragheads out. putting queers back in the closet, and destroying all jews nor in israel 
 3-droids are the queers of the galaxy. 
 3-half these wenger out dickheads are just queers for pep's vnecks imo 
 3-some guys are such queers that it actually hurts me every time i hear them talk 
 0-i liked a video from steeres and queers flat earth follies w/mark sargent 
 1-tufts queers don't know anything about boston, huh? 
 3-i love being forced into a coowned twitter account about fave queers that i'll have to remember to keep up thanks 
 1-one more reason usd is a bunch of queers 
 1-keep queers out 
 3-turn it back on u queers 
 3-so if fan service in films is can we get some love for fandom that queers and race and gender bends mainstream narratives please? 
 3-so because women do bad things too, women don't need space away from men? queers mras team up. again. 
 3-christmas is for queers. 
 3-it either goes both ways or it doesn't. either you're a free speech absolutionist or you're not. up you queers" is not a position 
 3-queers of a feather flock together 
 1-queers 
 3-like pls stop tweeting him and sending the t cast crap. they have queers and poc and no triangles. don't ruin it. 
 3-i never wanted to be an activist. i just wanted to live without being insulted by straights queers on a daily basis. i just wanna be me. 
 1-there is no shortage of queers 
 3-maybe there will be visible queers in space? 
 1-queers, niggas and slutwifewhores unite for trump! end pc! 
 3-all the words! for spain! i mean queers. sorry, columbus'd that one a bit. 
 3-fuck those queers it's all about the vampires 
 3-also read some fun facts about gypsies and queers. 
 3-mosh is for queers 
 3-watch out for your corn hole. a lot of serious queers in nashville. you know what to do with the pinky 
 3-her old man he don't like blacks or queers yet he's proud he beat the nazis? how queer 
 1-morning queers 
 0-killer instink queers are coming to pc already 
 1-her old man, he don't like blacks or queers. yet he's proud we beat the nazis... how queer 
 0-this made me laugh 
 3-she bashes queers and apoligizes for sexual harassment and rape as an trainee 
 0-to be fair when you and your friends make it a point to attack and harass queers to turn around and cry victim 
 3-hyporcrits who bash queers but pretend to be about lgbt if it pisses the gop off. rape culture fans etc 
 3-and are the  biggest queers i know.. making christmas cookies together like.. 
 1-i think history has proven me correct about another lower class black who hates queers. a nigger. 
 1-li is the shit bags fi are the fighting queers. 
 1-queers 
 1-yeah lol anime is for queers.. heh heh amirite? 
 3-where are all the cool jhb queers? please come visit and i. we're really nice black label loving humans. 
 1-to the guy teaching his young twins what and wear, you're making an ass of yourself and you're a piece of shit 
 1-any queers in the theater tonight? get em up against the wall... that one looks jewish and another with spots! 
 1-revenant ain't for women, pussies, queers, or the french!" movie reviewers, the fiercest breed of men on earth. 
 3-nice one! or are we now blaming queers for looking too 
 3-my info was put out a long time ago. uzbek is just a bigoted bully. she attacks queers 
 1-tbt seguin saying nothing but steers and queers in texas, and i ain't no steer. oh boy. gold 
 3-one month back in dallas i've been absorbed into a crew of rad queers bc life is cc 
 3-fda lifts blood donation ban on queers if they've been abstinent for a year. so basically, the ban stays in place. well played fda. 
 3-i need to find his steers and queers tweet 
 0- new unfollowers in the last day. via 
 0-josh norman's pff coverage grade fell to  after sunday. new active cb? jason verrett 
 0-finna have r&amp;r wings for the first time today 
 0-is the d.r.e still d.r.e. snoop dogg) by dr. dre selat sunda) 
 0- has been really funny to follow this primary season, especially the r side. 
 3-ill ride my boat to wherever u r in the ocean and whack that ass w my oar 
 0-questions about online content. 
 0- new tweep followed me in the last day. i find relevant people to follow with the feature of 
 0-why r you talkin to my man pls 
 0-r u bring ya boyyyy?;) 
 0-if we both win in the next round. rose at home to forfar on jan . 
 0-leave a comment on the new vid to give us your ideas on what color the celica should be! 
 0-tinpin bowler's freak trick shots 
 0-clash of clans lava pup ad: james corden christoph waltz 
 0-climber dies in mt cook national park 
 0-coincidentally, the top  scoring defenses are the only  teams with a winning record. 
 0-boys r not chill humans 
 0-what time r u thinking 
 0-any good youtube downloaders out there? 
 0-resale brand name clothes r where it's at! get % off st order 
 0-ill forget by new yea r s 
 0-ate some pizza and played some until dawn with tonight. love youse 
 0-last i heard he's done w rapping, which i'm ok with cause i love whenever he sings and does his vers. of hip hop r&amp;b! 
 0-y r u so angry 
 0-kg doesn't play that much anyways. zero payne minutes. i mean, we are only talking  minutes when he's full strength 
 0-rank  account giveaway! via 
 0- amazing followers in the last day and there will be more tomorrow. growing with 
 3-what? that he wants to rebuild the military and help the vets? otherwise, wtf r u talking about? 
 0-are online ordering marijuana sites like this legal? 
 0-gears of war  and gears of war: judgement code giveaway. via 
 0-just cause   giveaway! via 
 3-stop sending emails to me ho smh 
 0-chronicle closed beta codes. via 
 0-thongs r the bomb 
 0-turkish soldiers shell the asayish security) point in tel abyad 
 0-burning the kraken via 
 0- steam games giveaway via 
 0-me khan is the only one for pakistan best option.nobody is perfect except allah n khans mistakes r 
 0-video: d.r.a.f. ft. josh dwh you ready 
 0-apple ipad plus worth of beauteque goodies giveaway! via 
 0-you uk, us dual citizen 
 0-crashing links is all we r here for darling 
 0-more decent steam games to via 
 0-gears of war ,,, and judgement via 
 0-giveaway] via 
 0-weiss schwarz promo codes via 
 0-maragos early in season was lining up  yards deep so you tell me 
 0-a waitress wrote on a receipt. but when she checked her facebook later she almost fainted. 
 0-can we just collectively start calling fusion rifles rifles" to show our disdain for the meta via 
 0-shiny landorus christmas giveaway via 
 0-how political centre is being eaten by the radical left and nationalist right: 
 0-excia employee admits president obama is a radical islamic enemy of america 
 0-radical candor the surprising secret to being a good boss 
 3-no, i mean radical as in not shit. 
 0-freaking out 
 0-claim territories. get resources. prep for battle. you've never gamed like this 
 0-i have a pretty radical way of turning people off it's called talking 
 0-what do radical islamic's and racist trump have most in common? the total and utter disrespect of women! 
 0-american citizens in san bernardino burn down radical islamic mosque only  dead! 
 0-the radical heart of it was not the occupations per se but the selfdetermined open democratic process 
 0-idea i know! via 
 0-a radical change is required to our approach to the  critical days. 
 0-celebs who had sex with transgender 
 0-oh my goodness 
 0-elon musk signs open letter proposing radical fix to vw's emission scandal 
 0-interesting perspective. another word, such as that is misused and contorted, appears to be... 
 0-i also bought a sweater that defines feminism as radical notion that women are people" 
 3-if i seen that shit i would have boycotted prom 
 0-a love song to freedom fighters: radical movements 
 0-here's a yearend list i'd like to be in happy to see some of my friends are): 
 0-school stops being fun, all too frequently, learning stops." 
 0-you know peppa pig is a radical feminist? 
 0-psychology must be used to create radical, confrontational, workers. 
 0-you need to push for an invasion into syria. eliminating islam and its radical elements is what you should call for. 
 0-some bad muslims" do not make all muslims bad. i have an open mind and heart. 
 0-i will never support radical socialism that prevents wealth for the middle class 
 0-has racist ceo and they also donate money to radical islam. 
 0-discusses radical islam as a threat to us. 
 3-lmfao so did everyone's grades shit on mine this semester? awesome. radical. epic. splendiferous. euphoric. 
 0-fau terminates radical professor for blog post elementary school denier 
 0-to ' turns , and it's still radical today via 
 0-/news] chris christie's alarming long track record of close ties to radical terrorists 
 0-all this magical all this radical 
 0-informed people love trump b/c he's is about substance kill radical islam bring our money jobs home close border us pride 
 0-no! you stain the factor with your radical right wing agenda and love for trump! 
 0-on bobby darin became a folkie radical 
 0-there may be radical muslims but there are radical christian's, jews, other religions and indeed atheists. 
 0-elon musk signs open letter proposing radical fix to vw's emission scandal 
 0-gives me extreme anxiety because i was a very radical and emotional kid and those are like diary entries and i don't even remember 
 0-not a radical muslim i hope. 
 0-you act as if the radical black panthers dont exist? killing whites? ok im done here you cant argue w ignorance 
 0-gonna be radical this year and adress all my cards to mrs. and mr. instead of the other way around 
 0-last time fbi homeland stated no mosques have come forward in helping in search of radical mosques and isis. 
 0-now here's a radical idea. 
 0-the microbiome solution. a radical new way to heal your body from the inside out. available january . 
 0-liberal logic: rape victims need to be believed, unless they are victims of bill clinton, unless they are men, unless they are raped by isis 
 3-kids be traded for sex being raped married off to men with no say etc etc is wild as too 
 3-what do you get when you see bill cosby in doublevision? raped. 
 0-death penalty and raze all mosques 
 0-wicklow man raped partner's two sons and made them commit incest with each other. monstrous. via 
 0-she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at . after  years, she reveals her story. 
 3-yo site just got raped 
 3-kane raped george lucas 
 0-these days when i look at statues of historic figures, i just assume they raped, pillaged, extorted their way to stone immortality. 
 0-i know the difference between being raped by a man and assaulted by a woman first hand. 
 0-one got raped. but it does happen 
 0-she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at . after  years, she reveals her story. 
 3-tell that to a person who got raped, you insensitive asshole. 
 3-everyone thought this girl was lying about being raped u... 
 1-i hope you get raped in jail 
 0-so... i was raped today! fiancially!! part of me wants to cry, the other part of me is glad they used a condom. 
 1-she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at . afte... 
 3-boy, , raped his sleeping mother 
 0-the same chance as a heterosexual has of being raped by a male one. 
 0-the statistical reality is that, as a lesbian, you have about a % chance of being raped by a female partner. 
 3-the difference between rapped and raped is very large n i should remember how to spell 
 0-and it laughs at me because i gave birth to it its father raped me.. and well it is not of god.. and it kills... steals and kills.. so 
 3-a law that was almost passed allowing women to be raped but instead feminist believe that all men should die because 
 0-india's tolerance level be sure to read it out to your beloved wife 
 3-how old are you? why are you fighting with  year olds and joking about someone getting raped, pathetic bitch. 
 0-just a quick ratios a woman in u.s. is raped versus gets breast cancer:  to  rank in the world for rape is  
 0-entertainment news was raped at  cindy thompson' via full story at 
 0-that's like saying wore suggestive clothing so you got raped" 
 3-what you get me for christmas" nothing, fuck you, eat a dick, santa raped mommy 
 3-watch the scene matt drudge thought was leonardo dicaprio being raped by a bear 
 3-matters more about her, because she was fucking raped then now fucked again by the man you call a husband, then you 
 3-greg says trumps yiddish slang sexism not presidential wild bill clinton raped monica cigarsex in oral office! 
 0-yeah? i dunno, i'm nonreligious and i feel okay about it. christmas as a holiday is fine with me, i think a lot of religion... 
 0-religion combined with the state is a dangerous thing and history shows us it that it was very often abused. 
 0-sanity is not determined by vote or numbersreligion can make many people crazy especially if uneducated 
 0-making excuses for the religion of islam via 
 0-correct religion is weird 
 0-we must respect every religion so that we can be together to overcome from disasters and attacks. but the sultan. 
 0-religion has a place in society people need to feel comforted in a harsh world. 
 0-women's true religion jeans medium wash billy straight size  new nwt msrp 
 0-der says that 
 0-yes it does, it's compulsory. and if you're not okay with it, then you can choose another religion. 
 0-don't lecture me about ireland, i live here, mainly national conflict with religion... 
 0-islam is a rd century religion, it's under scrutiny for the jihad against the modern 
 0-no it hasn't its a belief for example the asian somali culture etc they all have different cultures religion doesn't shape it 
 0-wearing fake clothes is against my religion 
 0-wwii jews. vietnam proxy godless soviets vs west. have you read the book by randall miller re: religion in us civil war? 
 0-i'm criticizing the religion. you need to understand that. 
 0-are kenyans, we are not separated by religion. we are  ppl as a nation. this is a very good message from my muslim brothers sisters." 
 0-something about the way you worded the description of your mother's religion has me dyin 
 0-i am deeply offended by your comments on my religion and will be filing for harassment with the moon courts! 
 0-rare occult books vol  dvd kabbalah,masons,mythology,native american religion 
 0-church official's conviction over complaints reversed again: philadelphia the landmark 
 0-excellence they say is a detterent to rascism, religion, politics, favouritism, tribalism and the likes. you guys are much. 
 0-family, religion, friends.. these are the three demons you must slay if you wish to succeed in business. 
 3-rape in the name of religion.. when god gets the butt hole drill team. unit after ya'll asses.. going to become born again saints. 
 0-company profile tennessee school of bible and religion 
 0-gov. abbott nixes freedom from religion display at texas capitol. 
 0-but do whatever your religion tells you, i guess. 
 0-there is no religion feed at this time. i've been covering education since october. 
 0-who cares what his religion is. omg. 
 0-if the castle falls 
 0-islam a religion, how did lent him a helping hand. europeans supported him 
 0-back to the basics 
 0-it's bad religion to be in love with someone who couldn't love you 
 0-obama: working class still clinging to guns and religion via 
 0-humanity religion. proof: 
 0-sorry, that's against my religion 
 0-certain is advertising because of man superiority over women, the worse off all. 
 0-freedom of religion is a blessing as long as it tows the lines of the law of the land. 
 0-religion 
 3-i know more than you because i am not constricted hypnotized and ruled by a stupid religion and an imaginary god 
 0-and loving and honoring their higher selves and religion in the face of hatred love won 
 3-my nigga in the essence of boring. i've stayed in bed and watched a  hour video on a guy debating religion 
 0-,yearold mix of religion politics 
 0-exercise before exercise 
 0-it's amazing...religions hve more n common than we r willing  admit. barbarism is barbarism regardless of cloak of religion 
 3-i fucking hate homophobes. if two people are happy together you have no fucking right to break them up because of your morals or religion 
 0-guess their religion... 
 0-we can go around and around in circles on this. point is, you ignore the variation in religion, divinity, etc. 
 3-you know im on some balla shit im true to my religion 
 0-exercise before exercise 
 0-g.sand. 
 0-my entire tl is talking about sand 
 0-clowns in the sand 
 0-have you ever dreamt of waking up on a white sand beach? 
 0-wow that sand is white 
 0-it is spoil made up of mostly sand! 
 3-how tf am i supposed to get the sand out of the cut dkajsgsw 
 0-i really want hydrophobic sand for christmas. 
 0-sand cat 
 0-you're smooth, ruthie. not like sand. i hate sand. 
 0-one of my favorite color in a sand 
 0-someone who loves the ocean and enjoys the feeling of sand between their feet, sound of wind in their ears. 
 0-following christ did, not following christ has led to war and present decay, look at islamic world, sand, your destiny 
 0-have you considered star trek th! please come. relaxed. fun. sun, sand, ocean, geeks. trek quantum leap! 
 0-tuck patti castles made of sand/little wing 
 3-have sand i could throw shit at your jk 
 0-they will never never never take the summer from me 
 0-stop putting sand in them, it's coarse and it gets everywhere 
 0-mars' sweeping dunes steal the show in st closeup view 
 0-a lot of the liberals are willing ostriches with their head in the sand 
 0-friends, playing game, and i really need the following items: marble, sand please help me! 
 0-texas sunsets and tci 
 0-sand wars infrastructure just got sexy 
 0-the jerks who block the intersection on wolf rd and sand creek so you can't go when the light is green 
 0-we don't bring sand to the beach lol we squad in that city 
 0-tp tools skat blast  sand blast sandblasting cabinet, made in usa 
 0-isn't the sand like frozen it's cold out lmao 
 3-jar jar: she's hot, yes? anakin: first girl i've seen that wasn't a sand beggar padme: lol little man tryna get his pee pee wet 
 0-left hand taylormade tour preferred ef atv * sand wedge steel fst kbs excnt 
 0-a grain of sand: nature's secret wonder by greenberg, gary 
 0-if an archaeologist found that face on a statue in a desert he'd sweep the sand back over it 
 0-wit this inconclusive govt.  budgets another sinking sand. 
 0-our errors are grains of sand beside the great mountain of god's mercy 
 0-tell the pentagon to pound sand 
 0-sand cat 
 0-brazen racket in pune district: in  months, , cases registered against illegal sand 
 0-this is the first sand snowman i've ever seen 
 0-savages 
 3-and all these elephants are slaughtered for a chinese market. these people are fucking savages. 
 3-government offers antirape classes instead of throwing the savages out. typical liberal nonthinking. go norway! 
 0-i hate to call them pigs they are rather nice animals) but it conveys my utter contempt for these savages. 
 0-savages britain's proposed new spying laws 
 0-my savages my savages my savages 
 0-got one every year lmao 
 0-merry christmas from your favorite savages 
 0-r u being serious next door or having a party and didn't invite me...savages 
 3-girls are fucking savages 
 0-i find it interesting to note that ppl who grew up in cities use umbrellas ppl from the woods don't. we just take it like savages. 
 0-my bad dawg, thought they would like to hear a great christmas 
 0-because they don't follow christ, there will be nothing, no cities, a few savages running wild, enjoy 
 3-a lot of pressure when your lady pays the bills bruh. got to eat ass just to keep the savages away from your door. stressful 
 0-savages! 
 0-the rockets are savages for this 
 0-boy you ain't have to tell the whole twitter universe 
 0-i did state time wit the savages 
 0-haha get em 
 0-once gave his little sister his old shoes he didnt wear anymore for christmas. be grateful. 
 0-we're savages 
 0-can't wait to see the big homies and kill it tomorrow. 
 0-savages 
 0-savages!!!!!! 
 0-chick fil a so savage lmaoo savages on the highest level hahahahahahaha oh boy 
 0-better check your drink fam 
 0-best basslights i've ever been to hands down.. definitely one for the books. see all you savages at new years 
 0-let's go savages! 
 0-savages. we're all friends here. 
 0-scared to continue my driving lessons in london rather than herts because i know there are savages on the london roads loooooool 
 0-savages for life 
 0-i love these savages 
 0-you kids are savages 
 3-hold on to genuine females... cuz deez bitches r savages nowadays man 
 0-savages 
 0-drivers in are savages! 
 0-i wonder what you say behind my back 
 0-yall are savages, but they do look exactly alike tho lol 
 0-how much were you guys paying the bouncers? 
 0-shy glizzy goes to memphis to perform and allegedly gets his chain confiscated by savages. 
 0-mullen savages assembly leadership over casino ballot snafu: william t. mullen, the president of the new 
 0-mullen savages assembly leadership over casino ballot snafu: william t. mullen, the president of the new 
 0-mullen savages assembly leadership over casino ballot snafu: william t. mullen, the president of the new 
 0-yall really some savages on here man lol 
 0-mullen savages assembly leadership over casino ballot snafu 
 0-paul ryan stole bil of hard working us tax payers to bring in k of these savages. treasonous. hang him! 
 3-hhhhhhh it's one of the british slang term dick in erection 
 0-so beach slang was on the radio last night. 
 0-i'm so deadddd. i'm boutta slang these grams. a gram some oregano 
 0-donald trump slams hillary clinton using crude slang term 
 0-then we can go as friends lol 
 0-whoomp, there it is! remember these s slang? 
 0-of course, double date 
 0-you know you got her when she starts using your slang 
 0-you know you got her when she starts using your 
 0-i used a lot of southern slang mixed with westside ebonix 
 0-never say that to anyone though because it is also slang for something else. and he got so confused and my mom was just like i think 
 0-what? slang? what kinda white supremist rethoric is this? what is the proper way to speak then? say it. 
 0-i cant stand it when people call me fam, yea its slang but chill bro 
 0-all i know how to do is slang parts 
 0-hilary... she's so woke bae, imo.... she knows all the slang, and star wars 
 0-that is the industry slang for this kind of mess, actually. 
 0-donald trump slams hillary clinton using crude slang term: copyright  npr. to see more, 
 0-donald trump slams hillary clinton using crude slang term 
 0-needs more carny slang 
 0-donald trump slams hillary clinton using crude slang term: donald trump used some colorful slang monday night 
 3-greg says trumps yiddish slang sexism not presidential wild bill clinton raped monica cigarsex in oral office! 
 0-understand the stand on the name of paryushan can't stops sailing chickens fish bt against cow slaughter 
 1-but its ok to slaughter them in halal practise? where to u pinkoes get off on selective condemnation? 
 0-to think this this are unrelated is ignorant, apathetic, irresponsible. 
 0-holy horrors: religious slaughter through the centuries 
 0-i liked a video from black ops  funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
 0-im surprised this is / the slaughter looks so much nicer imo and it's a butterfly 
 0-i just entered karambit slaughter giveaway here 
 0-over a painting depicting dolphin slaughter excluded from the shinju matsuri festival art awards 
 0-hb grandi supply warner fish who supply many uk fish shops. hb grandi are linked to slaughter 
 0-help stop the slaughter of gentle life help us fight taiji cetacean holocaust 
 0-i liked a video from black ops  funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
 0-two horses dead and ten wounded in corralejas parties. suspend this slaughter now! via 
 3-i hate the shieva with a burning passion 
 0-ban cruel live slaughter practices of cows in bangladesh 
 0-i liked a video from black ops  funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
 0-ban+cruel+live+slaughter+practices+of+cows+in+bangladesh!! 
 0-do u ever think about how many girls probably screenshot your shit and put it in a group message and just completely slaughter you 
 0-this is the of troll that tries to defend the hideous slaughter at just 
 0-i liked a video from black ops  funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
 0-holy crap i love that pattern on the slaughter 
 0-i liked a video from black ops  funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
 3-i want to slaughter this pos. i won't, but i want to. he should be charged with and in jail. 
 0-i liked a video from black ops  funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
 0-i liked a video from black ops  funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
 0-i liked a video from black ops  funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
 0-black ops  funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! funny/random moments): via 
 3-goddess cocony sit on her sublime m while a slave kiss divine bmw pedals and her imperial feet 
 0-then your slave master gotta tell you to stop tweeting film 
 0-objectd: yes you heard me. as a slave/object you will be shaved, stripped down to nothing,... 
 0-he's an ideological slave so i that part. it's the pretending that obvious links between things don't exist that slays me 
 3-but what will not happen is i will not slave and overwork myself to give someone to accepts handouts for a living my shit. 
 3-shut up you dirty spic. 
 0-lucas_spic 
 0-a special xxxmass lesbian lapdance on spic'n spanish reloaded tv last friday between and 
 0-check out and sky vlad of eros fyre on spic'n spanish reloaded tv last friday! 
 3-people throw around the word nigga but you're going to get mad when someone else says spic 
 3-english..crap..says bones no shape crazy with spic 
 1-alright spic ur dead 
 1-fuck u spic 
 0-and also lot of castles, 
 3-spic blocking drive.. have a spic....gross high hip bone playing with. clit...stroking penis never been arrested 
 0-yummy! dark brown colour, eggnog honey aroma, good balance of spic... 
 1-hablo whatever the fuck ur saying spic" old lady at italian food market 
 3-i've been called i'm hispanic, i've been called lover" cause my cousins are black. what makes us different from y'all? 
 3-probably the least racist person on the planet" donald ask any nigger, spic, chink, dego or rag head. they love me!!!!" 
 3-lol are you fuken kidding me? this spic doesn't know what sport he's coaching lololololololololololololololololololololololol 
 3-talk to me like shit i'll leave in the middle of the job and you can finish it yourself you fuckin spic 
 0-yo he killed that 
 1-my % hispanic mother called me a spic, i'm not really sure how she thought that was going to insult me. 
 1-might want to learn a little history about this church. i lived it. friend on sunday nigger and spic on monday! 
 0-spic 
 0-great deals on cleaning supplies at target this week, as low as get your house all spic and span for... 
 3-when auto correct turns my last tweet spic as 
 3-thanks spic 
 1-i didn't think what i did was right you dumb spic kill yourself 
 1-hahahahahahahaha cut my grass spic i can't take the ignorance i'm just gonna be racist take ur family back to mexico 
 0-awsm...getting pic fm rly stns all ovr india...ur effort has paid off..spic n span stns...kudos 
 1-hi you spic spanish 
 0-celebration cake allpurpose flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda, apple pie spic 
 0-fantastic ideas to help your children learn to draw" 
 0-brands make sneakers" 
 0-photography in back alleys" 
 0-working in a spanish classroom and i don't speak spanish 
 0-spic bowl lives again! 
 3-fucking spic. go back to mcdonalds. 
 3-im that spic in your life.. 
 0-so marquis is on daddy duties while i go to work. i swear if this place ain't spic and span when i get home so help me god 
 0-set it off show! on pm est 
 1-who's looking forward to registering claiming exclusive rights to and why? 
 1-can't tell if you're a nig, muslim or a spic. you're the trifecta of shitskins and a washed up has been rapper 
 1-kys you queer fuck, dumb spic looking tom brady cock sucker 
 0-. hour layover has me sitting in an airport like bartelby loki... i mean some pretty spic people watching. 
 3-dog why these spic so rude 
 3-i shld just to  and th and holla at tyrone at that one dealership. f y'all spic boys!! 
 3-pbs? you are dense. even for a spic, dense as fuck 
 0-xss, sqli bugs found in several network management systems 
 1-kill yourself you stupid spic. those dudes should have knocked your ass out. 
 1-faze chubleigh is a spic 
 1-spic santa is coming down your chimney with a machete. 
 0-alright count down is on. who is like me and has their house spic and span, all their presents wrapped under the... 
 0-green bean with chickpeas, red onion and cuminspiced yogurt 
 0-all over. the central hub is london but the ensemble is spread around the country margate, oxford, north wales etc. 
 0-i think we should help him out good friend of mine help spread the word? 
 0-kim ilsung: kim ilsung worked closely with the soviet union and china to spread communism 
 0-imam: muslim migrants should spread islam in host country and that is why allah send you here. 
 0-i hope you cheer up, there will be better times ahead beautiful i just wanted to spread some positivity. 
 0-here is a fun way to spread this message with our holiday psa 
 0-spread positive vibes 
 0-photos of patti page in her new york apartment for a nov.  sunday mirror magazine spread 
 0-please help me spread the word! 
 0-dance like no one is watching. spread joy unashamedly. move, laugh, dance, sing. 
 0-spread the word about my gain tweets to be 
 0-pepper so he could spread season's greetings 
 0-remember,,spread love and goodvibes guys 
 0-the tampa bay lightning spread holiday cheer to patients at florida hospital wesley chapel: lightning players,... 
 0-kindly like and spread the newest band" here in the philippines under the management of artist manager sir... 
 0-the tampa bay lightning spread holiday cheer to patients at florida hospital wesley chapel: lightning players,... 
 0-is a plant killer! spread the word! this is a horrible crime 
 0-help spread the message, donate your tweet and make a difference! by 
 0-haters are everywhere specially here i feel like they are schizophrenic they just wanna spread negativety 
 0-here is a fun way to spread this message with our holiday psa 
 0-you can vote every  hours, feel free to retweet the link a spud spread the word as 
 0-if you really have a problem with me and spread the word about said problem from something that happened , ,  years ago... lol. bye. 
 0-tweet in  rt/like to spread the word tweet about this gaintweet to be picked turn notifs on! stalking for 
 0-thanks. maybe some friends feel free to spread the link 
 0-beautiful, blonde anikka albrite in straight jacket hogtie, pile driver suspension,... 
 0-there is nothing wrong with desire a woman a man nature is to spread his seed 
 0-heavenly: digital photo ss strung light sticks from the ceiling today to practice long exposure photography. 
 0-speaking with neighbours who are all online despite ordering after me. i am being strung along issue" with my account? 
 0-tis' the season for naked pictures of girls with christmas lights strung over themselves. 
 0-given the choice: take a series of gondolas strung across cities over carpods on roads. 
 0-strung out every breath you take 
 0-why? she killed herself what is there to protest? oh let me guess it's racist that she strung herself up 
 0-boynapped : strung and filled by adam watson 
 3-the bastard that done this should be fucking strung up. 
 0-he's fantastic outside the couple of years here and there when he wasn't strung out on drugs. 
 0-i have established that i am uptight and high strung. 
 0-from saying to being how to avoid becoming completely strung out this 
 0-any punches or kicks can be strung together to form a of attacks. 
 0-is sidewall stringing like this ok to use in a game i'm a new player and just strung my own  time 
 0-mission statement strung out(blackhawks over los angeles) 
 0-owns own business...intelligent...highstrung... 
 0-gentrification is a strung out muppet. 
 0-i'm so strung out on you 
 0-moments like these are when i appreciate not being strung out anymore the most 
 0-elliott smith strung out again from a basement on the hill) via gotta love him 
 0-my life is just a bunch of awkward events strung together 
 3-felt like a champ when i killed my first wild hog. strung that mfer up and bled his ass lol. 
 0-i parked next to a fake fence that was literally just a single chain strung up on some poles and started to laff 
 3-yes but u can be fabulous without being a highly strung 
 0-what the hell is wrong with people people like this need to be strung up 
 0-strung out 
 3-naughty mr wilkinson, id get strung up for that, its wrapped, ribboned sealed with a kiss or my balls on the line 
 0-strung out in the streets 
 0-if you ever played or strung someone along, your a horrible 
 0-listen to andy warhol by strung out on best song ever 
 0-things you are hearing from the people who want to see julie strung up by her toenails for the wrongs they see her as 
 0-i put it in park and grabbed my guitar. i strung a couple chords and sang from the heart. 
 0-and strung out behind us the banners and flags of our possible pasts lie in tatters and rags. 
 0-i always map to the most high strung character in the groupmonica, hermione, etc. i try to think of it as a strength 
 0-hablando de macaulay culkin returns as a strungout kevin mcallister 
 0-while i'm a walkin i strut my stuff and i'm so strung out. i'm high as a kite and i just might stop to check you out 
 0-from last night's are a bunch of nervous, highstrung, selfhating crazies'. couldn't agree more 
 0-strung it up, tuned it, played it. wow. at least it looks good. 
 0-crack babies were so strung out i wonder what xan babies are gonna be like 
 0-better effort all windows covered in lights, and some lights strung over the front garden. 
 0-why are you so high strung?" me: i think it's the anxiety disorder." 
 0-basslights round  was the only half decent one. now it's a bunch a of  year old girls in fishnets strung out on research chems...sick 
 3-he was strung out like shit walkin around in that robe 
 0-love is beautiful and ugly. its good and bad.its fun and boring bt when its time to cut the strung.. cut it.don't tangle urself with it 
 0-if you can only come around your children when you're strung out on drugs or when you're drunk you're doing more harm than help, i promise. 
 0-i've done you so wrong, treated you bad, strung you along shame by myself to think back 
 3-my legs were supposed to be wrapped up like cooked seaweed strung around a coke dealer's face to ride the ferris wheel. 
 0-words only mean anything of themselves. the way they're strung together holds no meaning. completely arbitrary. remember that, kids. 
 0-saw the pilot for i'm hooked, but it will be interesting to see how the series unfolds if strung out over too many seasons. 
 0-h&amp;s mini maxx nationwide back order we still have them h&amp;s 
 0-jose is to management what cantona was to a team. yeah they are trouble and highly strung. but given the right club and environment... 
 1-a bullet in charles's head' ginger extremist's plot to kill prince and sons via 
 0-to catch a terrorist pols see child porn laws as model for tracking jihadists 
 1-frank is a twitter terrorist. gotta get him outta here 
 0-made a savage war: hundreds of thousands of tortured/mutilated corpses 
 1-so ur name is also khan and i'm sure ur a terrorist 
 0-to catch a terrorist pols see child porn laws as model for tracking jihadists 
 3-i see you're being a terrorist 
 0-burn: there was a group of people that came together with the intent to carry out a terrorist attack. 
 0-terrorist attacks are becoming t regularity under t obama regime! 
 0-ik stated many times that we need to clean punjab of terrorist networks pakistan is federal 
 0-to catch a terrorist pols see child porn laws as model for tracking jihadists 
 0-have seized documents from the mullah's home that allegedly show he has links to terrorist groups" 
 0-australian joint counter terrorist team make two more arrests in sydney, taking to  the total of arrests in 
 0-now, you know... 
 0-to catch a terrorist pols see child porn laws as model for tracking jihadists 
 0-because bush was an idiot. he waged war on a country for what a terrorist organization did. 
 3-and for you every brit who is also muslim is a terrorist? 
 0-you are. terrorist... 
 0-made a savage war: hundreds of thousands of tortured/mutilated corpses 
 0-sharyl attkisson: sources say obama won't listen to intel about islamic terrorist groups via 
 0-to catch a terrorist: pols see child porn laws as model for tracking jihadists 
 3-made a savage war: hundreds of thousands of tortured/mutilated corpses 
 1-wealthy arabs spend for women and terrorist not syrian refugees 
 0-closing schools over terrorist threats creates new problems 
 0-to catch a terrorist pols see child porn laws as model for tracking jihadists 
 0-that's why i posted nevada state law. she is a terrorist by their own state law's definition. did you read it? it's short. 
 0-i have just finished debating with a palestinian terrorist and here is an israeli anti muslim bigot 
 1-made a savage war: hundreds of thousands of tortured/mutilated corpses 
 0-charged with terrorism, but you won't hear about crackdowns on gingerhaired people. 
 0-thr: to catch a terrorist pols see child porn laws as model for tracking jihadists 
 0-we have  people killed in ca. by a terrorist who passed security screening. 
 0-the mindset of the terrorist 
 0-the united states must act if afghanistan is to overcome the threat from terrorist groups and political divisions. 
 0-fake terrorist. click like on this page for more videos 
 0-we know very little about the foiled terrorist attacks in orleans, france. here's what we do know: 
 0-usa's police officers are extremist terrorist.. other countries should send troops on their soil to free the people. 
 0-my terrorist of a cat has figured out how to turn off our surge protector that has our modem and router connected. 
 0-to catch a terrorist: pols see child porn laws as model for tracking jihadists 
 0-police foil terrorist attack in orleans: interior minister 
 0-terrorist 
 0-and injuries from terrorist bombings in afghanistan 
 0-and injuries from terrorist bombings in afghanistan 
 0-burn: we anticipate that we will charge him with conspiracy to do an act in preparation to commit a terrorist act. 
 0-made a savage war: hundreds of thousands of tortured/mutilated corpses 
 0-clip net news dikakakina arabjewish hadash party condemns killing of terrorist kuntar as israeli 
 0-don't want terrorist in ireland'!! i swear to god i nearly pissed myself! great job by the way! 
 0-turkey smuggled sarin gas to terrorists in syria via 
 0-again, we can literally limit the efficacy of terrorists by choosing not to be afraid. 
 0-donald trump is helping the terrorists win 
 0- or  more terrorists attacks and donald trump will become a vision man 
 0-israeli commandos rescue wounded terrorists in syria via 
 0-the un delegation report: prolifers are terrorists. 
 0-if drug can freely carry # of drugs over the border, wouldn't they also be carrying c explosive for terrorists? 
 0-why should the tax payers that they despise and plot against have to support, accommodate feed convicted terrorists for  years? 
 0-tonight we raise a glass in memory of the late brigadier john mcmichael. murdered by republican terrorists. 
 0-israel to hand over two female bodies 
 3-dumbass muzzrat terrorists wearing green in winter snow. 
 0-israeliukraine cooperation: poroshenko says both countries continuous attack of terrorists' via 
 0-oped by george w. bush advisor karen hughes: trump's muslim proposal will only strengthen terrorists 
 0-high court approves demolition of two terrorists' homes: 
 0-high court approves demolition of two terrorists' homes: 
 0-high court approves demolition of two terrorists' homes 
 0-high court approves demolition of two terrorists' homes: 
 0-guns are our only defense when the government works against us imports isis terrorists a.k.a. 
 0-wisconsin nation of fear paranoia when orgasms sound like terrorists. 
 0-lesson learned: don't film random stores in a an american shopping mall while dressed in a throbe hijab. 
 0-all of the people on the left care more about offending terrorists than the safety of our own country and our own citizens disgrace 
 0-in republic women who speak out or question pharmacrime/medicalrapists are branded terrorists/targeted 
 0-yea i was just walking to school like weeks ago with my friends and a man called us terrorists it's not only here the hate we get 
 1-hahaha. not firsg time you terrorists asshole!!! everyday, hundrets of lie from you.siktir 
 0-while real terrorists escaped or where not apprehended when they knew... 
 0-high court approves demolition of two terrorists' homes 
 0-the mortifying moment the antiislam guy stated don't want terrorists in ireland' 
 0-it's just some stuff that happened in the past and those people that are hating on muslims and calling us terrorists 
 0-terrorists burn down church, palestinian authority blames 
 0-reminds me generation terrorists and holy bible are due a listen! 
 0-corpses of sectarian terrorists who were killed in khan touman yesterday 
 0-not when you count the arriving in europe 
 0-do not want terrorists in ireland' says unironic anti islam irishman 
 0-kurt russell doubles down: control stop via 
 0-barackobama hasn't protected us from the islamic terrorists. we live in fear. is it safe to take the subway? 
 0-turkey. the easy solution: expel all military aged muslim males back to their countries of origin without... 
 0-in kenya muslims protected a lot of christians lives today. mhm. talking about all of us are terrorists and hate everybody. 
 0-barackobama hasn't protected us from the islamic terrorists. we live in fear. is it safe to take the subway? 
 0-video game tieins shouldn't feel 
 0- poliester mid century tie quality mens von designersecondhand via 
 0-never picked at reg tie before so caution there. thought today was a good day to try. 
 0-where u go kid? 
 0-if this goes to a tie break i'll be one grumpy and tired accountant tomorrow. 
 0-steering tie rod end front outer mevotech mesrl 
 0-ima grab him by the waist and give him some good face, then tie him up while i run up in his safe. 
 0-how much do you want a bet that when assassins creed thr movie is out, ubisoft will make a tie in game. 
 0-check out ceramic brown bear with tie, very cute, , " tall via 
 0-quick i need a tie breaker between cyndaquil and totodile 
 3-buy  pairs of sheer pantyhose; one pair to wear see the panties through, one i would tie you up with, one i would gag you 
 0-my mommy shud just tie me up or kill me im just tired of this gateman life 
 0-because we definitely needed the stormtrooper and the tie pilot 
 0-no one seems to be bothered that many men are i capable of deciding not to wear a tie, another symbol of submission. 
 0-sean john men neck dress with pocket square set color) at 
 0-since packing up i haven't been able to find my ribbon tie, though 
 0-when you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. jefferson 
 0-haha it actually is pretty amazing, i'm just exhausted and have no social life besides twitter 
 0-in , two physicist managed to water into knots. 
 0-collectible zuni k gold sterling silver turquoise bolo tie alice quam 
 0-steering tie rod end adjusting sleeve front mevotech fits  toyota pickup 
 0-check out vintage austin manor gray striped tie" long'spolyester and silk via 
 0-vintage light green string macrame wood beaded tie belt hippie boho size m/l 
 0-i want my bathing suit and tie dye shirt 
 0-there's a tie 
 3-you take your bae on a date to club where they gotta tie up your durag for entry fuuuuuuuckkkkkk man kodksnsiaalzbx 
 0-micromax in tieup with transerv for mobile payments business standard 
 0-ok but if you tie  mistletoe together is it a mistlefoot 
 0-i put my tie dye shirt in my bath cause my water stopper thing wouldn't fully work to stop the water from draining 
 0-imma make tiedye hot again 
 0-every time i turn october's tie into a tadpole, it's totally on purpose! ii just think it's funny, okay? 
 0-tie dye waves, gaze in the mirror for an hour can't find my face 
 0-hot car new control arm tie rod suspension kit pc front rear driver 
 0-i want to tie up rohan and have kira choke me 
 0-twitten all out band on real housewives of atlanta lies from phaedra about mike brown being hog tie and shree n phaedraon big brother 
 0-i'll have my loudest tie on. will be heard on the pitch come on bromley 
 0-ciara ft usher go forget it 
 0-close tie... the question again would you buy an intimate toy if  was available in town 
 0-i've just unlocked a blacktie affair achievement in paradise island ! 
 0-googleexpertuk in it's illegal to tie a dollar bill on a string pull it 
 0-sweatpants, hairtie chillin w/ no makeup on, thas when u da prettiest i hope that u don't take it wrong 
 0-so when is the cativity now i have my roll! 
 0-hmm tis a tricky one. pie could do either 
 0- books encyclopedic collectio west virginia state history genealogy biography 
 0-dealers x pool cue case solid black case w/ free shipping 
 0-dear cat! whatever next? queen innkeeper! 
 0-elite ep pool cue w/ many extras and free shipping 
 0-so about this guy with an ovo hoody wearing toms 
 0-last day of work tomorrow until after christmas 
 0-my kitten cousin just found his christmas present! 
 3-toms asking siri how you say is fat' in french.. fucking arsehole 
 0-tom's of maine up to rebate. 
 0-heathrow: bags coming through on the same belt as the late evening flight from marseille, now why does that ring a bell... 
 0-nor do i talbs! found it on my phone when i had a lie in yours and toms bed xxx 
 0-heathrow: immigration  seconds, bags just arriving on belt as i get there this would all be perfect if it wasn't for the delay... 
 0-toms 
 0-writeup on me by maya's blog showcase!" by on 
 0-how about toms with nike socks 
 0-if u wear toms block me 
 0-toms is a forprofit business that charges for their shoes that cost to make and gives them to children that don't even need shoes. 
 0-check out all our releases 
 0-tutorial for automatically on cell entry 
 0-coffee tom n toms 
 0-went with the frida socks today. man, i need to wash my toms. they're filthy. 
 0-do they sell toms in salinas? 
 0-i need a new pair of black toms but don't feel like ordering 
 0-in her dreams.... article about me! by on 
 0-how was the meal guys? just seen it on toms snapchat looked tasty 
 0-trying to get in the christmas spirit like 
 0-finally drove to toms for the first time, only took me  months after passing 
 0-deals new toms classic women's slipon shoes authentic in original box colors) 
 0-heathrow: not quite certain what that plane did, but we appear to have landed in the late 's blur is playing in the toilets... 
 0- war bulletin card  blizzard of steel russia january th  
 0-garlando g foosball fussball table free shipping 
 0-new nordstrom collection black mixed stitch cashmere blend cardigan size s 
 0-the mexican revolution press people's history) 
 0-show me baby that you love me so o o o 
 0-couch with pull out bed and recliner local pickup only in toms river new jersey bid 
 0-kiss me underneath the mistletoe 
 3-i've been looking for some of that old toms because that shit is bomb but im down 
 0-baby all i want for christmas is you 
 0-last christmas i gave you my heart 
 0-let it snow let it snow let it snow 
 0-resonable priced toms kids ballet flat kid/big kid) order now at 
 0-what do you want for christmas babe? 
 0-toms pizza is the best part of this trip 
 0-heathrow: is there a closer parking stand than the one we've pulled up on,  seconds if that from pulling off the runway 
 0-that man beyond has been so good to me 
 0-be happy you're not miss columbia 
 0-was saving these for christmas day..but i just couldn't resist..wish i had some pickle and cherry toms. 
 0-toms slippers 
 0-i have one of those towel hat things i use when i wash my hair! it's all the fashion now 
 0-right so we should just throw in the towel and kow tow to the establishment? 
 0-when you hear a door close and you ask your mom to bring you a towel and she texts back saying she's not home yet 
 0- chicago stanley cup xl hat,  towel 
 0-great use of a towel. 
 0-vampiress baby sucks on a beach towel. woman removes 
 0-remember the scene w/dillon in the towel? he was meant  think she was cheating. kick started the whole s/l 
 0-af towel son co sterling silver plate etched serving spoon 
 0-into the living room, a towel wrapped around my waist as i just came out of the shower* better put out santa's 
 0-i'm laughing a lot!! kenma just gets up and slouches off like god..." and kuroo hands him a towel 
 0-keep an old towel by the door. worked like a champ for my golden. that dog had the most harry feet. 
 0-best savings for st. nicholas cardinal hand towel get now at 
 0-sleeping with a black towel over my pillows as my hair dye is literally coming off everywhere 
 0-found a haunted mansion dish towel set. may just start buying for our house next 
 0-looks like a towel to me 
 0-toothbrush gate followed by towel gate what next 
 0-so far my remedy is whiskey and a hot towel after the game so i'm sure anything else would be better 
 0-recommend st. nicholas holly jacquard hand towel order now at 
 0-anyone have a towel i can't stop drooling 
 0-i dream of the day when automatic paper towel dispensers finally realize the human hand isnt  inches long. 
 0-jack gilinsky in mom left the wet towel on the bed?" 
 0-evelyn's about to pick me up and i'm still wrapped in my towel just chillin 
 0-jennifer ama outfits: rocks  sexy looks a towel) 
 0-because what's better than just sitting in your towel after a hot shower 
 0-i don't know a lot about the stock market. mostly i know how it works based on what i saw dan ackroyd... 
 0-have already seen in only a towel, and he looked like a freaking greek god. i blush at my own thoughts.] i think that 
 0-a towel around u and hugs u tight* don't worry i'll keep u warm 
 0-i got out of the shower ten minutes ago and i'm sitting in my towel and i just realized i never washed the conditioner out of my hair ok 
 0-it wasn't doing as good a job as a tea towel as i recollect. 
 0-resonable priced the big pc. snowman kitchen towel set buy now at 
 0-poinsettia towel christmas towel kitchen towel tea towel.. 
 0-the baby carefully with the water before wrapping him into the towel, holding him out to her* 
 0-to that time in middle school i was so hungry i ate a paper towel during homeroom 
 0-you dont know pain until you've ripped your nose piercing out with a towel 
 0-great buy new york giants beach towel by northwest get now at 
 3-i liked a video i throw in the f#%king towel!! mario maker] 
 0-a towel+ you got this! xd 
 0-my only draft is a selfie and i literally have nothing but a towel on 
 0-towel boy by tamara bubble 
 0-going to bed tonight as a disappointed fan. please can we just throw in the towel and get van gaal out. 
 0-i have to leave for work in  mins and i'm still in my towel fml 
 0-i'm currently making snowflakes out of paper towel because it's all i have, i guess christmas is what you make 
 0-when the mailman roll up and you sitting on the couch in a towel 
 0-if i go to the bathroom, and the garbage can is not next to the door, the paper towel is going on the floor 
 3-the fucking elotero is outside and im in a towel alv 
 0-interior design advice featuring kitchen linen, cotton kitchen towel, 
 0-on my days off i take long showers and sit in my towel and drink wine 
 0-jackson steps back slight, blushing as sebastian took off his towel. 
 0-if i take another l in fantasy basketball i'm not playing on one and throwing in the towel the rest of the season 
 0-liam the one with the towel. you look like immaculate here, an adonis 
 0-video shows cop shooting unarmed, injured dui suspect who later died; officer will face no charges 
 0-sdpd officer involved in deadly shooting of unarmed man told investigators he thought suspect was going to stab him: 
 0-declines to investigate in of unarmed 
 0-i would challenge you to a battle of wits, but i see you are unarmed. 
 0-killed by officer browder by 
 0-offduty nypd cop who ran to help calls actions by unarmed securityguard heroic in taking down armed mall robber 
 0-carsonfellis: some more people to keep in mind, yet still only a small percentage of the unarmed... 
 0-probably be the type of cop that shoots unarmed black people, huh?" probably" my brother is trash 
 0-police mishandled investigation of officers' fatal shooting of unarmed teen, says report 
 0-declines to investigate in of unarmed 
 0-isn't this what we are hearing, i feared for my life an shot an unarmed suspect  times 
 0-declines to investigate in of unarmed 
 0-the uk police are more likely to shoot unarmed civilian that armed terrorist. look at the statistics. 
 0-with all the unarmed killings of unarmed blacks today do u think this might be the problem 
 0-out of over  blacks killed by police this last year only were actually unarmed 
 0-unarmed security guard 
 0-combat position! don't worry they're unarmed! so do we do not reveal our military secrets i'm dying 
 0-dashcam video shows police officer shooting andrew thomas, who was unarmed and climbing out of an overturned car. 
 0-why is african union silent on murder spree on unarmed oromo students by 
 0-music: tiwa savage standing ovation ft. olamide love me hard ft. face: here is the official version 
 0-do they know it's christmas? by band aid 
 0-fair enough, that swirl had even more contrast in the first version 
 0-play bowling king with me! 
 0-the fact i can see it as well be a little more time with the new version is better to be the first half of the year 
 0-best version media is media sales executive in baldwin, ny 
 0-facebook to launch the business version of its social networking service in  
 0-so many levels of awesome! johnny cash i've been everywhere northern ireland version 
 0-though i heard somewhere that the activation code works the same if i downloaded a mac version somewhere else? 
 0-shift: to launch version of its social net in  
 0-best version media is media sales executive in north massapequa, ny 
 0-grave digger coming home version) 
 0-the italian version of school new body": super high conversi... 
 0-have the nhs choir done a version of this? 
 0-looking for a last minute gift? you can send a kindle version of movable feast: worship for the other six days" 
 0-that's what i was referring to. i thought it was brilliant. like a comedy version of the cilla bio. can't wait for the film 
 0-the version from their live album is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay better than the studio one 
 0-i'm listening to jeremih)" by on pandora 
 0-the acoustic version of what do you mean is better than the original 
 0-whom shall i send? 
 0-it's really christmas now! beautiful version of 
 0-the  minute version of the documentary tegen ptss" wounded servicemen ride to live life 
 0-infinite f anime version 
 0-oh damn. steam is having a % off sale on sims  and expansions. though it's only for windows. they don't have the mac version. 
 0-qubed . device: ios iphone category: games price: free, version: . 
 0-stages by is beautiful. i recently saw the video of his performance. wow! his version of finishing the hat is exquisite. 
 0-i think could do a fantastic version of christmas carol" i feel like his ghost of christmas future would be so badass. 
 0-maxthon releases version .. of its... 
 0-my version 
 0-this was my dad's version too. 
 0-maxthon releases version .. of its... 
 0-facebook plans to launch the business version of its social networking service in . via 
 0-read this book german version of the successful psmagic a golden opportunity! 
 0-if ayane sakura voice acts for the japanese version of league of legends i will only play that champion for the rest of time. 
 0-and here's the male version of this planet's messiah before i go to sleep. this one was the most fun to do. 
 0-all i want for christmas is you version) via 
 0-next generation q will get a new rangetopping rs version with  
 0-microsoft windows  professional pro  bit full version upgrade sp new! 
 0-microsoft windows  professional pro  bit full version upgrade sp new! 
 0-sorry to hear! has your order been given a delivery date? you can check here: 
 0-hey, will the mac version of d:osee be out by the end of the month? 
 0-here are the latest high wind reports for the past three hours. 
 0-watching the film version of our second year play and it's so stupid. 
 0-to launch the business version of its social networking service in  
 0-the legend of zelda maker for wii u is from gba version of alttp* 
 0-day i get a parking ticket what do i need my wallet... what cant i find? 
 0-join ocz's community and you could win an ssd, steam wallet credits, or a tshirt! 
 0-are they wallet friendly? 
 0-i just bought my best friend a steve madden makeup bag with a matching wallet and makeup inside she better send me booty pics after man 
 0-left my wallet at danikas and when i went to get it the day after i found this inside of it... 
 0-coach campbell set leather eva beige bag purse and with wallet f lot 
 0- hour into steam winter sale and your wallet empty 
 0-forgot my wallet at home 
 0-my wallet has never felt so hollow 
 0-usa new deals kleyzion compact wallet 
 0-take action!!! vote against cruelty with your wallet: never buy tickets to any movie... 
 0-having your birthday be on christmas eve sucks because you have to spend money on gifts anyway, my wallet is hurting 
 0-yes my mom left her wallet home/xmas shopping ruined but we had money to buy some hot chocolate for both of us it was still fun luv her 
 0-day  and  ticket lightstick donations merchs fare food oxygen tissues tears feels my wallet: 
 0-thank the lord i found my wallet 
 0-i'm at the hair salon everyone has on heels is carrying designer bags i'm in vans carrying my vera bradley wallet on my keychain 
 0-i live just a few blocks away and i fear for my wallet too. 
 0-the moat house is destroying my wallet 
 0-get your early bird wallet by backing our crowd funding campaign on 
 0-laughing face stand wallet leather phone cover case for apple iphone  plus ." bid 
 0-owl print stand leather flip wallet cover case skin for apple iphone  plus ." bid 
 0-but your money in the bank. i almost got robbed before but there was no money in my wallet. literally all on a card. 
 0-laughing face stand wallet leather phone cover case for apple iphone  plus ." bid 
 0-owl print stand leather flip wallet cover case skin for apple iphone  plus ." bid 
 0-easy! pc set of classic silver nickel color straight screw in frames for finishing touches for diy clutch/wallet 
 0-went to the mall and forgot my wallet its all good though 
 0-checking out the joint on hertel... it's dangerous this place is so close to my housefor my wallet. for my stomach, it's great 
 0-rip wallet 
 0-grainy leather travel wallet via 
 0-asmr} tapping scratching sticky wallet sounds no whispering :end) 
 0-airbitz partners with fold allows users to buy gift cards inside wallet 
 0-laughing face stand wallet leather phone cover case for apple iphone  plus ." bid 
 0-expresstechie: from january, micromax_mobile phones will have a native mobile wallet nandu: 
 0-owl print stand leather flip wallet cover case skin for apple iphone  plus ." bid 
 0-pcs/lot new luxury pu leather flip wallet photo frame stand case for iphone  
 0-authentic louis vuitton amazon sarah boulogne  shoulder bag wallet set js bid 
 0-has a purse inside her purse" that's my wallet" 
 0-i'm all here. i miss you too. my heart without you was just an empty wallet waitsi 
 3-girl sumn' like a wallet, we use that shit then it's done with" 
 0-i bought so much makeup this past month... sephora and macys must love me my wallet hates me tho 
 0-maybe if i go shop before work tonight i'll remember to bring my wallet 
 0-kiss my walnut." what? catch my wallet 
 0-awesome! wallet and credit cards) 
 0-pcs/lot new luxury pu leather flip wallet photo frame stand case for iphone  
 0-free steam wallet codes ) via 
 0-rip my wallet with this steam winter sale d: 
 0-when you're at the checkout trying to pay for something but have  different currencies in your wallet 
 0-louis vuitton wallet? now your just showing off... 
 0-things that she carries around with her all the time: handphone, mp, camera, hand cream, perfume, mirror, wallet. 
 0-when i'm sad i check my wallet it makes me happy 
 3-my mom just called me a wetback 
 1-thats why ion let females do my nails they dirty white wetback ass always rushing through some shit funny looking ass bitches 
 1-you know a latino with an umbrella in the rain, is still a wetback 
 3-i feel like i could've got called a beaner/wetback on call of duty by one of them dudes 
 0-i thought it just made it so i could play on a different console wetback 
 0-outchea san francisco, california 
 0-lebron soft 
 1-i think we should be cooking andres on the fact that he is in el paso and is on the way to mexico... that boy a wetback 
 0-two toned shawdy 
 0-just picked up ds black jordan s 
 3-riverboat wetback is his name, get it str 
 3-walked out super pissed. not my fault ya dumb ass wetback bitch. 
 0-tortillas..thats right! 
 0-eggs w ham bacon tortillas 
 1-colonel s richey crapper bassterds wetback you've got to compensate for gravimetric interference before htginuprf 
 0-what u bouta cook 
 0-nice!!! 
 3-just found out my family has a big ass painting in the mission 
 1-on english, wetback 
 0-green door sf 
 1-why don't you swim back to your own country wetback 
 0-they slapping cabin fever  at the green door 
 0-meet founder of terrorist harlan carter, who shot yearold boy led wetback" 
 1-u can't say but u can say racsist words on wow, says a hell of a lot about cnn! 
 0-wetback 
 0-man up 
 3-as a wetback, i remain baffled who the fuck made the barenaked ladies 
 0-classic 
 1-rip wetback 
 3-loud wetback amateur working a black at work for good pay 
 0-dude you don't even know, it was like ughhhh 
 0-i got there at  
 0-ya' baby mama wiping down my wetback with tissues. 
 3-wetback mountain dew. 
 1-when ur waitin in line at the store because about  can't speak english! yeah! 
 1-i might tweet in spanish all day to pull me a little wetback. 
 0-secure thine vehicles wetback else vaulting by dint of true motor vehicle galloon: hoqhkx 
 0-never to early for some spm. 
 3-bill kristol.. you!! the wetback and prostitute of rino gop! you need followers to start a new party. 
 3-bill kristol.. you!! the wetback and prostitute of rino gop! you need followers to start a new party. the weekly... 
 0-you're so lucky you left early 
 3-i'm not a wetback 
 3-r u mad wetback?/.\ 
 0-chingate 
 0-i don't waa eat though 
 1-to kill u 
 0-y did the chicken cross the road 
 0-/ is gunna come a little early for me 
 1-bitch you a wetback too 
 3-all of the sudden you wetback 
 1-just one and fucking obama lets in wetbacks musliam why is this not being stop obama has made this country weak 
 3-what's almost as cool as watching the eagles beat the wetbacks? checking out civil discord at the tailgate before the game!! 
 1-when you're moving weed or wetbacks 
 3-compare to wetbacks yeah.. 
 1-wake the fuck up people these fucking barbaric niggers, radical goat fuckers, and wetbacks are taking over your country 
 0-i added a video to a playlist ks v washington wetbacks na winter league game  
 1-mel gibson told his ex wife he hope she gets raped by pack of niggers and wetbacks" she even said he was physically abusive. 
 1-us wetbacks gotta unite 
 3-terrorists and wetbacks do an scene before the trump towers... nobody gives a shit about... 
 1-my mom just told me i fist fought a y/o man when i was  bc he called my family wetbacks and the guy actually left me unconscious. 
 3-i feel you, they don't know the brown or black man struggle. but quick to call us niggers" and say we are bad. 
 3-i bet they're texting each other calling us wetbacks and beaners rn lmao 
 1-alien protesters and whites who the paid, gather outside of rally in michigan. 
 3-we give mexico millions of greenbacks they give us millions of wetbacks. trump will take foreign aid money. 
 0-good bye free loading wetbacks 
 1-this nigga gets more and more angry this is why i don't fuck with wetbacks 
 3-today: wetbacks. tomorrow: the jews 
 3-wetbacks are pisssed!! 
 1-lmfao same when wetbacks try to correct how i say mine like no. there's no l mom didn't forget it 
 3-gigs holler's wetbacks unfriendly razzed flopping cicada cecil 
 0-wetbacks beat philly this week, they are nfc east champions. no other results will matter. 
 1-your wetbacks are more of a threat than weather you fucking fool 
 1-black people the only race than can call mexicans wetbacks. any other race. it's funk on sight. 
 3-imagine,with trump the poorch mooches who vote for a living might get hungry enough to take the jobs the wetbacks leave heading south! 
 0-wait i am a wetbacks fan... people are actually saying these things?!?!?! 
 1-nbc news: southern border surge of illegals normal' close the borders throw out the wetbacks 
 1-wetbacks are sold on kirk cousins, but remain undecided on his value: 
 1-its funny seeing all these spics and beaners call racists names and shit fuck em wetbacks 
 3-lol i guess they overlooked the cardinals for the wetbacks. 
 1-you don't need wetbacks to pick fruit and vegetables. pay americans, pay them decently. 
 1-don't apologize bruh, fuck them wetbacks! 
 3-last night proved that black people can have no multi racial coalitions. it's fuck wetbacks, spics, camel jockeys, chinks, 
 3-really? you need yard work this badly? rino rubio flooding america with wetbacks. 
 1-columbia is the winner no, wait. why? what trump said about wetbacks? he's not here anymore take it back 
 0-i thought wetbacks were injuns 
 3-see i have no privacy living around these wetbacks 
 1-but if we called them wetbacks ohhhhh shit 
 1-then people wonder why others call spanish people spicks, wetbacks, etc... 
 1-i know can still win division by winning last  weeks. i just don't see it. wetbacks have their number and are a better team. 
 1-ye! just ask these wetbacks that are picking vegies  the bucks a day 
 1-go home wetbacks 
 1-victims not latin or hisp now just wetbacks with no latin support win trump find truth 
 1-we can be called wetbacks and evert name in the book without any repercussions. it doesn't matter if donto james told people he owned 
 3-after he becomes fuhrer we can use the cannon to mexican wetbacks. 
 0-every wetbacks fan needs to be a cardinals fan tonight 
 1-estos wetbacks? 
 3-so? i love mexican food. that doesn't mean i want my country full of wetbacks. 
 1-there are too many niggers, jews and wetbacks on twitter hopefully donald trump can ban these to. 
 0-yeah i know, wetbacks still mow my lawn for 
 3-mexican wetbacks like oraleeee 
 3-the only thing to do with egg whites is add a fuckload of sugar and make meringues 
 0-yeah i'll take the word of a guy who said all whites are devils lmao 
 0-if someone tells you they like egg whites they are lying through their damn teeth 
 1-when antiwhites get exposed for they always go full retard 
 1-whites are the scourge of the earth. if that scene was real life, i know a lone black male citizen would take them all down. 
 0-egg whites are gross they taste like nothing 
 3-you don't. that's their baggage. fwiw some of us white folk get tired attacked) for calling whites out on their privilege 
 0-don't forget the egg whites 
 0-obama was elected by majority of whites and now he plays the race card. i guess that is because his stupidity is being exposed. cry baby cry 
 0-lol yes? those lists also show more whites are killed by police than blacks... 
 0-the genetic castes that exist in white society are already important enough for me to think lumping whites together=dumb 
 0-when i tell you it was the total opposite at gv. whites were crying, saying the world was over. got even called a monkey. 
 0-egg whites turkey sausage water egg whites turkey sausage water egg whites turkey sausage water egg whites turkey sausage water egg whites 
 0-i apologise jenice.i see there were  whites out of the ten who won! 
 0-not a lot of it" are you kidding. our whole system was built on keeping poc below whites 
 0-because we blacks don't have a history of oppressing whites; however, you all do. 
 0-trust me its not only the white man she hates, the racist hates all whites. ceo. moron 
 3-well i got them cause i wanted white ones but now that i think of it the whites would get so fucked up so its gucci 
 0-you can actually see his beautiful pearly whites in 
 0-ckeck out twitter all tweeten about sweetie pies show on own and michelle employe being a racist she was raised by whites n they dont cook 
 0-/ yes. point being that regardless of whether or not it's clear. whites are protected 
 3-antiwhites make excuse after excuse to justify forcing white kids into 
 0-i'm just trying to connect with the whites 
 0-sometimes i hate being white bc some whites people r crazy af 
 3-other whites are not asked to do the same thing?" majority of mass shootings are committed by american white males. 
 0-whites are the best gotta give credit where it's due. not blame them for all your problems 
 0-whites asians, apply for this position at this university; not allowed 
 0-massapequa gives more detentions then the amount of times dj khalid has egg whites, sausage, and water for breakfast 
 0-hahaha i know right. maybe in the spring. shit be right on point tho. or the all whites 
 3-antiwhites don't want control". they want global 
 0-sometimes he changes it up... like today he mixed it up and put the sausage and egg whites in a bun... 
 0-reverse jim crow. no whites. 
 3-when motorcycle bomber was not muslim, though trump knows they r all muslims or hispanics or could be black ppl never whites 
 0-: silver bullets with my egg whites and turkey sausage to get for keefe zo 
 0-there is absolutely nothing wrong with whites loving and supporting our own race. 
 0-the breakfast they don't want us to have, egg whites with turkey sausage wheat bun water..enjoy your breakfast,they don't want you to enjoy 
 0-not too mention that blacks are .% of the population and commit the same total murders as whites 
 0-i'm not ready for a book to be over and there are only  pages left... 
 0-i guess i'm about to read a book lol 
 0-i got up for water and a book d: 
 0-i'm writing a book on everything living on youkai mountain. frogs, snakes, crows, turtles.. wait.. that doesn't sound right. 
 0-how to write a book while running your startup 
 0-grab a book and read w ull get there boring) 
 0-three years ago, i wrote a book, global warming. believe it now? 
 0-and then he's like, this is a book store, it's not a music store." 
 0-do creators still take preorder for their graphic novels, or is kickstarter the only realistic way to get enough funds for a book now? 
 0-make your mind up you were crying about a book a minute ago 
 0-there is a child here with a book!!! 
 0-facts r not proof but a book written a couple thousand years ago is? 
 0-i want to write a book about my experience in this line and the nasty looks i'm giving everyone who was behind but is in front of me. 
 0-found this at the end of a book i found in an antique shop... via 
 0-check out this mail from a state congressman's office from the 's that i found in a book donated to the library yesterday. a lot has 
 0-living with depression and anxiety. turning a blog into a book 
 0-me: i want to read looking for alaska some kid in the back: why would someone want to read a book about a guy trying to find a huge country 
 0-are you writing a book? 
 0-you know you want to read a book of hot filth about santa's sexual exploits. 
 0-i need to find a book to read 
 0-i assume thats what that book is about anyway. its about me tweeting about a girl with a book about me tweeting about a girl with a book... 
 3-it's good to know you're completely bigoted against muslims. islam being one of the  abrahamic religions. read a book. 
 0-people i wrote a book about fear dead and chosen one's to kill her u should have heared girl do i mean". nichole williams,for u 
 0-i could write a book but i'll keep it simple, i love you beautiful, don't let any guys run over you 
 0-a book on cuckservatives: 
 0-your one stop place for a book otaku 
 0-can you please come to bring out a book or 
 0-so i'm thinking about joining a book club 
 0-no way zoby. staff wrote sitter a book worth of instructions 
 0-beautiful church converted to a book store maastricht, netherlands 
 0-president obama must declare climate emergency to preserve his legacy: it's a dirty deal that could never have... 
 0-i added a video to a playlist ego is not a dirty word skyhooks guitar lesson 
 3-people swear they own the fukin train. like move over and let other ppl in instead of giving them a dirty look mofo. foh 
 0-it's boisie states famous blue field. porn there, by the way, is a bumper crop of potatoes bursting from a dirty bag 
 0-if you have a dirty mind like mine this tweet is way to sexual 
 0-you are such a dirty girl 
 0-i mean, they're a good team. but they're a dirty team. 
 0-snap quick quick snap so take a dirty picture 
 0-i keep saying holidays" and people keep giving me a dirty look and saying christmas" lmao 
 3-a dirty shower 
 0-one of the best presents to get for a dirty dancing fanatic? an carried a watermelon" tshirt. thanks best gift ever! 
 0-is a dirty word? cherwell online 
 3-you should be, you racists lose your mind at the though of a dirty arab being better. 
 0-beeps seriously what a dirty trout 
 3-you smell like a dirty hippie go shave your balls! jk. i love youuu!! 
 0-why did saying i would be my own best friend if there were two of me because i'm hilarious and genuine and cute af get me a dirty look? 
 0-does anyone actually know any lesbians named kitty or jenny or am i right in suspecting that this part of is a dirty lie too 
 0-life is just better when you have a dirty mind. 
 0-honestly no i thought of milk and cereal but clearly you got a dirty mind so its expected from you 
 0-although crevice is also a dirty word 
 0-i'm all with paying all the bills cause i'm the provider... just please don't let me go hungry or walk in a dirty crib 
 0-when you see it, you'll realize you have a dirty mind 
 0-my friend says i have got a dirty mind! i sincerely disagree i only have a sexy 
 0-have you heard spritekelly by on 
 0-classic case of what used to called a old man' 
 0-yes i have a dirty mind and on it 
 3-you're a fucking retard odell is a pussy he's a dirty cry baby bitch who throws fits when it's bedtime 
 3-so i'm at the hospital right now and some bitch just gave me a dirty look. i'm sorry if i don't put on fake eyelashes. 
 0-no i totally agree. extremely dirty play. i just don't think it's fair to define him as a dirty player 
 0-test: do you have a dirty mind? 
 3-i'm a dirty whore~ 
 0-totally innocent pictures that prove you have a dirty min... 
 0-i need a dirty woman 
 1-obj has always been a dirty player. hate him 
 0-he has a dirty mind then! 
 0-. i'm like a dirty blonde 
 3-they say times supposed to heal ya but that will never happen bc ur a dirty hoe who needs to wash ur mouth out with soap ew rat 
 0-no, you're the one who sent a dirty emoji text to your wife. 
 0-i tried so hard not to give the woman a dirty look because it really wasn't her fault but it annoyed me so bad 
 3-i hate doing laundry... but i also hate being a dirty nigga. so there's that. 
 0-i need a dirty girl 
 0-i'm not giving you a dirty look, this is just my face 
 0-you'd have to have a dirty mind to see it in 
 0-u put the d in dirty the p in punk a dirty punk.....#inrowords 
 0-when you give dora a dirty look 
 0-i feel like such a dirty hippie when i burn incense but honestly i find it so relaxing 
 0-sure i've a dirty thoughts and on it idjames ceo 
 3-retweet if you want a girl who's a dirty sign up 
 3-fuck a dirty mirror. 
 3-im a dirty girl wanna see me in cam x 
 1-lol the person that slid into my tumblr inbox calling me a nigger as if i gave a fuck. bitch, you thought 
 3-almost as vulgar as calling sarah palin a teabagger, isn't it? sucks, doesn't it? 
 0-the democrats sure enjoy calling sarah palin a teabagger, don't they? 
 3-almost as vulgar as calling sarah palin a teabagger, eh? 
 0-almost as disgusting as calling sarah palin a teabagger, eh? did she ever get an apology for that? no? 
 3-almost as vulgar as calling sarah palin a teabagger, eh? 
 0-who's calling the kettle black. you're a teabagger. always looking for something to whine about. 
 3-but calling sarah palin a teabagger is funny, right? 
 0-but calling sarah palin a teabagger is funny, right? 
 3-if you don't want to be called a teabagger...... 
 0-i was the first to be called a teabagger 
 3-when stupid people don't know they're stupid a guide to being a teabagger. 
 0-a teabagger's dream team! 
 0-is there a teabagger that actually knows what the word fascist means? 
 0-white moses was literally a teabagger. lmao! 
 3-yeah dude, i dont have a teabagger, like i said, they are all lying sacks of shit. 
 0-stop you sound just as bad as a teabagger saying obama is a muslim hellbent on destroying america 
 0-a teabagger is usually the least worldly person you've had the misfortune of encountering 
 1-oh, shit, antisemitic pig. you are a teabagger 
 3-if you support their racist, sexist, homophobic ideology, you're a teabagger. you are as ignorant as they are 
 1-and tax harmonization" new tory belief system. only a teabagger see's balance where there is none. 
 0-maybe the spouse question was something a would understand 
 0-sorry i'm both prettier and smarter than you. sucks to be a teabagger w/no ideas 
 0-see you at  for the rd be there or be a teabagger... pm pacific pm eastern twitter 
 3-obama was a teabagger in college before there was ever a tea party. go crawl back into your shithole. pi 
 3- million economically inactive ppl in the uk dave. you are a loser and a teabagger. stop with your lies and spin u mug. 
 0-read this interesting is a teabagger 
 0-eh oh! are u a 
 3-tonight was the equivalent of launching a teabaggerlike within the democratic party. 
 3-william is a teabagger working as a concern troll. 
 0-why waste time talking to a it's on cnn did nothing wrong lawsuit is filed! baby 
 0-i shared this a couple days ago, but you just have to read it, and strap a teabagger down and force him to listen... 
 0-i'd bet this guy is a teabagger! 
 3-raphael kruz aka ted cruz is a teabagger and a wanna be confederate ideologue hates anyone who is not white hispanic 
 3-raphael kruz aka ted cruz is a teabagger and a wanna be confederate ideologue hates anyone who is not white hispanic 
 0-ben carson is a teabagger nutjob. shocking. via 
 1-if i ever want stump a teabagger i just bring up corp. welfare and into rabbit hole we go 
 0-ask them how they suckered u into being a teabagger? 
 3-i know what you mean. one time i was incinerating a teabagger and his every response was a meme. infuriating 
 3-cruz is a teabagger... 
 3-just found out he's a teabagger, and i can't have a teabagging president" 
 3-what? a teabagger who won't genuinely engage?! shocker. 
 0-if they tried keeping a teabagger out because of their no government posts, the gop would go insane... more insaner... 
 3-never has been a 
 0-not my quote but one i want to remember: teabagger is someone who can't enjoy his meal unless he knows someone else is going hungry." 
 0-a teabagger's gop benghazi lies go silver screen 
 0-why do i smell a teabagger front group? 
 3-i swear on my damn life that is anne bitch wjat the fuck they all look the same 
 0-they all look so gutted 
 0-none of them get it! mcgibney least of all! look at ziggy, any of them! clueless! 
 0-i don't get why all the girls in geordie shore wear them silly contacts, they all look possessed 
 0-i defiantly agree, you all look stunning 
 0-i swear thats anne in the back of that snapchat yall that family all look the same to me 
 0-lets all look at suwoong's header 
 3-my favorite thing is that the old ladies here all look super sweet but if you talk to them they're actually sarcastic assholes 
 0-another dance sweeping the nation making y'all look stoopid once again. 
 3-why do they all look adorable apart from namjoon who is lowkey tryna fuck 
 0-they all look so good oh god 
 0-you can't all look like me 
 0-all y'all look the same some of y'all cute but ain't nothing special 
 0-you can like... draw all lol it would be a waste to just delete those unpublished drafts cos they all look so good 
 3-shit! i'm not racist, these people really do all look alike!" 
 0-your bio, they all look flawless in your creative style! 
 0-you all look so adorable 
 0-y'all look scary.. 
 3-yo my naggiez you dont have to fight let all look at hot sexy boob! 
 0-y'all look like 
 0-you all look beautiful 
 0-but they all look so good 
 0-while we all look forward to enjoying time off during the holidays, nurses find difficulty in maintaining balance. 
 0-whispering, even though i know he can't hear me at all.* look at our son. i bored him to sleep softly chucking* 
 0-they all look cute but 
 0-you all look absolutely adorable gorgeous 
 0-whenever i tell savage wen, selina, reeana, or matt a story they all look at me with the same this over yet" look and it makes me sad 
 0-every time i gain a lot of followers suddenly and their photos all look like models, this skit feels very real. 
 0-those kids all look so adorable awe 
 0-y'all look at this worst than lousi. 
 0-but y'all look great! 
 0-they all look like better drink soon to me?! 
 0-amazing video! i love it. you all look so cute 
 3-y'all look old as fuck 
 0-they all look good. 
 0-y'all look like y'all house is dirty 
 0-y'all look at my baby 
 0-i love y'all women. lol i love the way y'all think n how beautiful y'all look n how bipolar y'all could be sometimes just amazing 
 0-i got a few of my photoshoot pics back today and they all look really cool, i'm excited to make one my prof pic tbh 
 0-you all look great 
 0-y'all need to reevaluate y'all lives cause y'all look and sound real stupid 
 0-up with juice" mmapsi but jeezez y'all look cute 
 0-and my town. they all look so happy 
 0-it took a non politician that represents the american people u all look down at to get you all riled up. we don't like you either 
 0-ghost" armpits" all look like a random combination of words...kumbe those are looks.smh 
 0-y'all look that this 
 0-actually they all look basically the same. 
 1-you're in luck! we're having an auction in oakcliff. all niggers % off. 
 0-all niggers beware 
 1-i hate all niggers...they all should die. 
 1-in others words every day muslims pray to kill all niggers or the polite version= infidel 
 1-lynch all niggers 
 1-yes they do all muslims deserve to die after all their practice is to kill all niggers non muslims 
 3-lol, y'all niggers are savage outchea the fresher the better 
 1-you're all niggers idgi 
 3-y'all niggers weird 
 1-all niggers wanna do is look in my face idk why 
 3-yeah cause out of all niggers i would choose to be a country one 
 3-so nothing is wrong with that lol most of y'all niggers wana use females for your sex toys. 
 3-love y'all niggers too 
 1-all niggers, jews, americunts, mexifags, eurofags, christ fags and sandniggers should become an heroes. 
 3-you're all niggers get off my tl 
 1-love the kkk i say death to all niggers 
 3-gotta mute love and hip hop y'all niggers get mad corny when it's on. 
 3-same y'all niggers need to stop ruining my shopping 
 1-i am and i agree we should kill all niggers 
 1-jk kill all niggers 
 1-it means ignorant but i guess all niggers think they are kings so whatever works for you coon 
 3-colombia has one of the largest populations of black people in south america. i guess y'all niggers too. 
 3-tf y'all niggers at? 
 3-so him being a nigger means we're all niggers. and i don't know about you niggas, 
 3-vast majority of slaves went to colombia and the rest of south america. they're all 
 3-exactly we all niggers to the white man 
 1-all all niggers 
 1-all niggers, jews, americunts, mexifags, eurofags, christ fags and sandniggers should become an heroes. 
 1-mr. harvey is a living proof that all niggers are annoying. randy marsh tells us. 
 3-and you know south americans think blacks in the u.s. are all anyway. jesus. they racism gonna fly so this evening. 
 3-watch this they're just all niggers" 
 1-to kill all niggers 
 1-she doesn't realize all niggers do is hurt people and steal! serious) 
 3-why is star wars protagonist niggest of all nigs and monkeyist of all niggers? he is the most ape like nigger i have seen. jedi ape nigger. 
 1-all niggers say it 
 1-all niggers 
 1-so it's okay to want white people all die, but when somebody says kill all niggers. 
 1-watch y'all niggers still deny poor keisha 
 3-y'all niggers gotta stop lying to your women 
 1-love the kkk i say death to all niggers 
 3-all niggers 
 3-yes, yes, i'm still here. how y'all niggers doing? 
 3-y'all niggers be the ones making these creatures feel special 
 1-i can't really tell cuz all niggers look the same. 
 3-wow penny not all niggers are the same 
 3-any of y'all niggers online? 
 1-all niggers, jews, americunts, mexifags, eurofags, christ fags and sandniggers should become an heroes. 
 3-never have i spoken to someone longer than  hours. but y'all niggers don't even know..  hours record. 
 1-y'all niggers get a thumbs up and your ego is through the rough now 
 3-y'all niggers stop with summer and get y'all some white winter 
 0-all white parties should stay in ...i'm so over them 
 0-went from wearing all black on a night out to the club to wearing all white to my birthday dinner lmao 
 0-where can i get some all white js 
 0-most dismiss over oj, cosby, or kelly because of all white america has tried to do to keep them in line. 
 0-girl no. it was all white with ice blue eyes 
 0-wish i had the all white huaraches instead of the all black. 
 1-haven't thrown a all white party in a long time!! excited about 
 3-can't wait to have an all white four door jeep parked in the drive way of my big ass house lmao 
 0-or over policed, and convicted by all white juries.. but who's watching or saying something? 
 0-i could wear all white and you still wouldn't be able to see me 
 0-lets dial back the all white juries. lets start there. let me see you posting on equality before the cell closes 
 0-lighting is a tad harsh. would have made brice all white and made ce red to split last name in half. 
 0-all white at a black 
 0-love the all white tree this year! 
 0-srsly, all the thanks go to you. i feel like this should be required reading for all white people. 
 3-how is blackie a storm trooper arent they all white 
 0-bruh!!!! mxm ba re borisa di all white 
 0-because you're saying all white people are racist murderers. 
 0- more days to go dec th 
 0-your boy jj scored like  in the va state championship game..cave springs was an all white squad..dogging everybodyyyy 
 0-this is called the other race effect.. when i was younger i thought all white and chinese looked the same 
 0-all white air max s on sale on nordstrom website for 
 0-true. lol all white is forever good tho 
 3-why do all white gay couples look like siblings 
 0-dear santa some all white huaraches for christmas would be nice i've been good this year 
 0-explain to me why so many whites, especially males, hear or read all white people whenever ppl talk abt specific systems of oppression. 
 0-the founders of the white student union explain themselves they aren't all white) 
 0-a first look at the allwhite adidas originals nmd 
 0-omg yes. slaying but in all white 
 0-all white g fazzoz's for bristmas 
 0-all white bricks 
 0-how come you generalize all white people? you sound uneducated. 
 0-tickets almost sold out for this saturday all white naughty santa glow in the dark 
 0-top celebrity weddings of : waihiga, who is a very spiritual person, chose to go all white with the gr... 
 0-more like all white christmas 
 0-gotta see what ima wear for christmas might do all white again 
 0-zips are on the blue turf wearing all white, and the aggies are wearing white and blue. 
 0-i told you we can always blame b! because most likely she is the culprit!! lol 
 0-kubiak will always blame his player including vernon davis. better results would be % more practice on each play. duh. 
 0-naaaaa y'all always blame everything on me. i didnt start this 
 3-that one friend is beau! see. you always blame shit on me and it's never true. 
 0-yeah, i can't always blame the kids too, if too much force is used, that can make the situation bad 
 0-i always blame myself for every wrong that happen in my life, in that way i never get to make the same mistake. 
 0-always blame punjab govt for corruption but never file a resolution for army/rangers operation like they do in sindh? 
 1-commies always blame fascists bleghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
 0-if it doesn't work out u can always blame israel. 
 0-the deluxe's are meg, you always blame meg haha 
 0-no surprise from me, i always blame the rat 
 0-also don't pretend like big franchise movies w white dude leads don't fail they never blame the white dude, but always blame poc/ladies 
 0-why do clips fans always blame someone when they lose? 
 0-when you always blame her for her wrong doings,be careful cos someday,someone might praise her for her right doing. 
 0-always, it on obama." 
 0-people can always blame others but cant take the blame themselves 
 0-when i was little and would act up, my mom would always blame icarly 
 0-if you always blame autocorrect for your misspells/errors then your smart phone is smarter than you are. and we are all guilty. 
 3-ooohhh about that!!! hahahaha yaa... ppl will always blame the gay guy first... 
 0-me: ew this lighting makes me look so bad jas: why do you guys always blame the lighting i think she's calling me ugly 
 0-u always blame ciel but i'm pretty sure they were all ur own initiative 
 0-of course people will always blame us exols when something bad happened 
 0-i can always blame alcohol, or autocorrect 
 0-remember: abm! always. blame. manny. 
 3-u can always blame the gop pedophiles that passed those sinful laws of no taxation, making the unborn fetuses take it in the assever 
 0-knwing fully well pmb is cnfused n overwhelmed by d job hand, lie lie moh'd will always blame gej n femi adesina will cook up nonsense.. 
 0-just say they're crumbs from the doggy treats. it's a go to. always blame the kids. 
 0-they always blame america first 
 0-this is my phone, on wifi, on the opposite end of my apartment from the router. this is why i always blame twitch. 
 0-don't take blame always blame someone or something else for something you did wrong....obama always right 
 0-i always blame my self tho i feel like everything is my fault but i know it's not 
 3-don't always blame people for my white privilege but when i do i blame my mother." barack hussein obama 
 0-growing up in the there were  people i could always blame for everything: 
 0-can't always blame a stalker when you fine. men go through this also. 
 3-apartheid apartheid.. blah blah.. fuck a duck you cunts! always blame apartheid.. when everyhing is gone,what then? 
 0-they always blame obama. please stop". so deep in their mind they know he is stronger than putin. 
 0-capitalist governments will always blame and scapegoat the lower classes so citizens don't notice their greed. 
 0-feminists do get a lot of criticism thrown their way, so can't always blame them for being defensive. 
 0-learn from chahuan atleast u r a irs always blame to modi..dnt u hv othr wrk 
 0-they always blame america first 
 0-they always blame america first via 
 0-please some time take responsibility is not fair always blame on other 
 0-be rubina's illusions playing tricks on in doubt, always blame it's 
 0-corrupt dishonest medias always blame people not the thugs who done the damages. parents are responsible of their children action not police 
 0-dnc didn't have a damn thing to do with it, they were techs, broke in with sanders approval.cheaters always blame others 
 0-they always blame america first via 
 0-most likely your phone always blame the phones. 
 1-don't always blame me you twat 
 0-i am not surprised. muslims always blame others for their problems. 
 0-can always blame me 
 3-bitches in the mall always fuck up my eyebrows im done goin there 
 3-i fucked up, i always fuck up. 
 3-always fuck things up.. nice one olly 
 3-im actually not bad at doing my nails im just too impatient to wait for them to dry so they always fuck up 
 3-always fuck with those who fuck you up when you haven't make it is gonna ring a bell in their mind. lol what matters is u counting 
 3-i always fuck things up and by things i mean my relationships with people but this doesn't make me a bad person. or it kinda does idk 
 3-i always fuck up the good things 
 3-i always fuck my own shit up. 
 3-people will always fuck you over. 
 3-i literally always fuck up 
 3-always fuck boys 
 3-why does my always fuck up 
 3-she said she love me cus i always fuck ha brains out 
 3-i always fuck everything up lmao 
 3-no matter how hard you try things will never be the same and the past will always fuck with shit now. 
 3-how do i manage to always fuck the good things up 
 3-why guys dey always fuck up for almost all your music videos 
 3-when you don't respond they think you pussy, well i always fuck back 
 3-i'm a piece is shit right i always fuck everything up 
 3-i always fuck around and run it up 
 3-me: a small stain on the table* mom: yall always fuck up my shit i cant have nothing merry christmas to me 
 3-lol ikr but always fuck greenville 
 3-always fuck everything up just 
 3-i'll always fuck with a new year's resolution. people really be mad that someone is going to try and attempt to be better 
 3-i always fuck up everything and im sorry 
 3-they always fuck me up one direction 
 3-i always fuck up something that's so good for me. 
 3-you always fuck up my mood 
 3-am i ever gonna do anything right in my life or just always fuck up 
 3-i always fuck up 
 3-i would hang out with friends but i usually always fuck with myself soooo. 
 3-i feel like america doesn't know how to learn from its history and that's where we always fuck up. the only way to improve is to learn. 
 3-she said she love me cus i always fuck her brains out. 
 3-me and alex literally always fuck up so much when we're together 
 3-ugh i hate them. they always fuck with me 
 3-i hate getting my hair trimmed they always fuck it up... 
 3-never get close too people. cause in the end they always fuck you over. 
 3-you know you always fuck up when you have absolutely no one to turn to 
 3-i always fuck things up. 
 3-i always fuck around and spend my money on food 
 3-always fuck it up somehow ha 
 3-swear to god i always fuck up everything 
 3-i wanna see people make it in life...but they always fuck up when they start falling for me smh 
 3-our gingerbread house raw this year, we always fuck it up every 
 3-i always fuck up good things. 
 3-i always fuck everything up and thats why i stay single 
 3-i always fuck up, it never fails 
 3-you always fuck around, you always send the wrong place 
 3-yall always fuck up during the holidays. aint hurting my pockets tho 
 3-i always fuck everything up for myself 
 0-she called the cops on courtney for smoking in there own apartment. and then her mom came over and beat the other roommate up. 
 0-when pedestrians start fighting back. pull driver out and beat them. leave them to die on sidewalk. 
 0-hey everyone, don't smoke in front of bree armstrong because she might call the cops and her mom might come over and beat you up. 
 3-and beat the bookies, merry christmas!!!! 
 0-mind y's and beat bullying bands 
 0-the worst gift i ever got was going up  points on jayoh and then having him comeback and beat me in ot! 
 3-no my mom would laugh and beat my ass 
 0-what if i get a boyfriend by the time lauren visits me and she can meet him and beat him up okay wow goals best friend goals 
 0-heyo! i walked  today and beat my goal. 
 0-print out bh fics and beat her over the head with them 
 0-be transparent, communicate often, and put serving your employees and customers at the top of your todo list. 
 0-if, and it's a huge if, we pull off a massive shock and beat chelsea, could give the lads the belief to go on and win it. 
 0-feeling a lot better. i think i caught the cold early and beat it. 
 0-erase goal deficit and beat blues 
 0-i want to get dressed and beat tf outta my face but ion have anywhere to go. 
 0-help nhs nurses get their song to number one and beat justin beiber. p at amazon 
 3-i just wanna get home and beat my wife 
 0-. how would you react if someone came up to you and beat you with a tree? 
 3-if a guy ever hit me, i'd fuck you up then tell my mom and she'll pull up on you with a shot gun and beat your mom for raising a bitch. 
 1-supporters then sprung into action and beat up southhall while reportedly calling him a and a 
 0-do not argue with an idiot. he will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience. 
 0-charlie browned and beat the olympic long jump record all in the same day 
 0-well, they will start throwing tantrums and beat each other up, and it's very likely he will be involved in some way. 
 0-anyone that votes for hilary should be tied to a tree and beat with a dummy stick 
 0-parson brown? i'd rather pretend the snowman is martin shkreli and beat the hell out of it. 
 0-arpeggios to hissing to jamming out to usher. naomi shows me her attempts at overtones and beat boxing then sight singing. good lesson! 
 0-clearwater on  run and up . forcing largo to shoot and beat them in half court sets. working so far. nice adjustment. 
 0-try and beat 
 0-try and beat 
 0-really wouldn't be surprised if we do go and beat stoke like  now just be typical wouldn't it 
 0-pamaj pick me i'll buy blops and beat you on a v 
 0-need new alt so i can start in uldah and beat up thancred 
 0-i got so excited that i was finally coming home and i come back to my car broken into, window smashed, and beat up 
 0-we better tag team and beat him up. he's utter trash i can't. 
 0-there no way  rookie who never use a lightsaber and beat someone who trained has hard han solo son that easy 
 0-dude its a variety lol. we're the first cape town team to tour ermelo and beat the tomahawks on their own turf 
 0-bantam b white vs halifax tonight : bmo. time to step up and beat these guys. 
 0-lyrics pretty much identical and beat has the same melody. interesting. 
 0-italian men other minorities) who wear undershirts as overshirts who lack class and beat their women 
 0-so happy i proved world travel' wrong and beat him at a geography quiz!! 
 0-i aint right at all ill rlly make somebody so mad they'll want pull up and beat the piss out me, it happened before. 
 0-try and beat  
 0-he came back and beat cincy and seattle... 
 0-yo george lucas: my hero has a laser sword and he can move spaceships and live forever and beat up his own dad" 
 3-when i'm driving and this lady almost hits me. fucking hit me and i'll pull your ass out the car and beat the shit out of you! 
 0-do not argue with an idiot. he will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience. 
 3-if there was a time machine i'd go back and beat my fucking self senseless. then i'd move to hawaii. 
 0-when your internet so slow you grow up and die before the page loads 
 0-she gone fall in and die 
 0-should angie choke and die 
 0-before sleep, bismika amootu wa ahya" allah, in your name do i live and die) ameen. 
 0-do you ever have those friends that make you want to crawl into a hole and die. 
 0-and die 
 0-i crie and die 
 0-women and residual male privilege" when will terfs shut up and die honestly 
 0-plastipak packaging machinist/tool and die maker nd shift oh) 
 0-fix that go install steam ana we can be bad together ur laptop will overheat and die) 
 0-i have nothing to do with my days other than smoke on my balcony with wet hair while wearing short shorts hoping i get pneumonia and die 
 0-look we matchie now every time we talk i'll think about akusai and die 
 0-tool and die maker sc 
 0-my mama is on snapchat telling people all she has to do is stay black and die 
 1-fuck off and die. 
 0-i tweet and retweet stuff so i can took through my tweets and die all over 
 0-honestly just want to go home and die 
 0-i want you to come live with me, and die with me, and everything with 
 0-when u at a around and die party but u still tryna get lit 
 0-and die with a smile dont show the world how alone youve become 
 3-gonna go lay in the bath and die 
 0-i'd try and die but try nonetheless 
 0-i'll live and die on these streets 
 0-hey mike if you wanna be a fan favorite just drink a lot then drive and die! 
 3-i would literally shit myself and die oh my godplease 
 0-ahhhh i'm so glad you liked it! i can't wait to read it and die 
 0-what a first half! our basketball and football team refuse to roll over and die when down. love it! 
 3-that moment you fucked up and die slowly because of your mistake 
 0-if you break your neck and die can i have your account? 
 0-hmmm it was funny in hindsight but i wanted to go and die omg is it possible we could have fitted in less 
 3-idrc if ppl say me" bc i do it to sometimes but like ppl who do tht on tumblr need to stop and die 
 0-how about none they can both explode and die 
 0-i'm going to go shower i'm feeling dancy so wish me luck i don't slip and die 
 0-would you rather overeat and die or fall off a cliff 
 0-great news for people who want to see women be sick and die utah be very proud of your byzantine ideas 
 1-choke and die 
 0-i've seen colourings so its out there somewhere, i'll find it at some point and die for sure 
 0-my phone charge so slow and die so quick. 
 0-theyre teying to seoarate me and my mom um no no no.no i need ny mom what if i have a panic attack and die 
 0-moral of the story: don't get excited for anything because life is a series of crushing disappointments and die unhappy 
 0-they are busy making roads so people can get to hospital quick and die there without proper equipment 
 0-go and die la always want expensive gift 
 0-we live to work and die, the end. 
 0-he remained living in d.c., his soul would wither up and 
 0-and die hard 
 0-so u can crash and die 
 1-shut up and die forever" about americans 
 0-we gotta make a desicion leave tonight or live and die this way 
 1-one of these days you people are gonna do this balloon thing and just fall down and die 
 0-time to go to bed and die 
 0-hello christmas is in a few days and your follow would be the best gift always. kindly follow me? all the love. xx 
 0-the minute you alter your perception of yourself and your future, both you and your future begin to change. 
 0-thanks for sharing, tim. i hope you and your family have a wonderful holiday. 
 0-that feeling you get when you k ow that guests are coming over for christmas eve and your house is clean...but it... 
 0-hello christmas is in a few days and your follow would be the best gift always. kindly follow me? all the love. xx 
 0-love both you guys enjoy your night and your christmas. 
 0-hello christmas is in a few days and your follow would be the best gift always. kindly follow me? all the love. xx 
 0-i'll get you my pretty! and your little dog too! 
 3-your dads a dick. hope you and your mom is alright though bro. 
 0-i really really hope your tracking is wrong and your driver didn't leave a large package outside my apartment bldg on the street 
 0-yeah me and your ex is doing fine bby see yourself to the front door 
 0-i'm so done of temporary feelings and your conditional love 
 0-hello christmas is in a few days and your follow would be the best gift always. kindly follow me? all the love. xx 
 0-i don't see why not! yea! what is you and your partners xbox gamertags? 
 0-you weebs and your catgirls. 
 0-thanks for following, wishing you and your family a merry xmas!!! 
 0-thanks for following, wishing you and your family a merry xmas!!! 
 0-psalms : keep your tongue from evil and your lips from telling lies. 
 0-hello christmas is in a few days and your follow would be the best gift always. kindly follow me? all the love. xx 
 0-thanks for following, wishing you and your family a merry xmas!!! 
 0-aw i hope all is well, love. definitely going to be praying for you and your family. always here if you want to talk. 
 0-thanks for following, wishing you and your family a merry xmas!!! 
 0-thanks for following, wishing you and your family a merry xmas!!! 
 0-thank you. hope you and your family have a joyous holiday. 
 0-thanks for following, wishing you and your family a merry xmas!!! 
 0-thanks for following, wishing you and your family a merry xmas!!! 
 0-and why you even in your draws posting ya snap back if you and your man just had a baby? pants aint available? 
 0-thanks for following, wishing you and your family a merry xmas!!! 
 0-thanks for following, wishing you and your family a merry xmas!!! 
 0-thanks for following, wishing you and your family a merry xmas!!! 
 0-thanks for following, wishing you and your family a merry xmas!!! 
 0-thanks for following, wishing you and your family a merry xmas!!! 
 0-hello christmas is in a few days and your follow would be the best gift always. kindly follow me? all the love. xx 
 3-when you're doing really well in a game and your connection fucks up 
 0-hello christmas is in a few days and your follow would be the best gift always. kindly follow me? all the love. xx 
 0-youre the best and your uggs are swaggin right now 
 3-stop saying that nigga lead you on just cause he fucked you. he probably told you many times that he ain't ready and your ass didn't listen. 
 0-medical malpractice insurance in tunisia: your doctor convinces you and your family that if you die it is allah who called you jat) 
 0-the requires a fresh start devoid of any noncritically thinking idiots...and for good measure, any rightwingnutjobs. 
 0-are you a muslim? if not, i don't think you have any right to define who a muslim is. 
 0-i have yet to see any right wing loon admit that  was a disaster that pbo fixed so gfy 
 0-girls are future women with right to any right men already have. 
 0-is there any right way to tell a  year old her greatgrandmother died? 
 3-as if any f idiot has any right t even think they hav a right to. u r spot on. wid all going on..they pick this!!! 
 0-missed his chance to earn any right to play before aguero 
 0-both communism and fascism are forms of totalitarianism. i have not seen any wing' dictators in america 
 0-lord speaker claimed expenses on chauffeurdriven car to opera via sickening to any rightminded! 
 0-so what gives you any right to get involved 
 0-sometimes you don't have any right to regret something! 
 0-if you are right then there is no need to get angry if you are wrong then you don't have any right to get angry 
 0-i don't have any right now but i wish i did 
 0-i don't have any right now, but i want like  
 0-jesus christ that battle was way harder than it had any right to 
 0-you're getting it wrong. you don't have any right to ask all muslim women to go against what god asked them to do 
 0-no girl has any right to disrespect me. don't disrespect me and i won't disrespect you. but if you cross that line i have a 
 0-this show is better than it had any right to be. especially the second half. 
 3-now you lost any right to bitch when covey comes to the y 
 0-actually i don't have any right now 
 0-what film was better than it had any right to be? 
 0-the meaning is right there to see by any right thinking person that has not been zombified 
 0-britain never had any right to hold india or anywhere else than, perhaps, britain) 
 0-it got overshadowed by star wars hype, but creed was a far better film than it had any right to be. ryan coogler is for real, people! 
 0-squid: the fuck ever said that nonamericans get any right to vote in this country? or to work here?" 
 0-sorry mom but you putting decorative towels in the boy's bathroom is basically forfeiting any right to keep using them as decorative towels. 
 0-i bet there is but of course can't think of any right now haha! 
 0-none of us have any right to be mad and everyone deserves happiness but you may have crossed a line with the pics of 
 0-my brother didn't want to come see star wars. i'm pretty sure he forfeits any right to me not spoiling it for him 
 0-this is my life, you don't have any right to judge me. 
 0-please understand that their privacy needs to be respected and no one has any right at all to pry or make assumptions about anything 
 0-you know that there is nothing you can do or say that will convince me that you have any right to harass me? 
 0-sorry, but i really don't have any right to complain. 
 0-for promotional use only. i make beats so i wouldn't really look to purchase any right now in my career. 
 0-i just really want some reese's..can't buy any right now.my account has an 
 0-liger vs tiger mask was better than it had any right being. 
 0-right like pjs and a hoodie and they'll be satisfied girls end up getting gift cards from me 
 0-agreed it is not in saifai...so don't they hv any right to survive with dignity? 
 0-this is way more depressing than it has any right to be. 
 0-cannae see any right minded cunt buying a million of debt 
 0-. billion how many do you see awake? hardly any right 
 0-somehow lost all my stats from the  postseason. more upset about this than i have any right to honestly be. 
 0-because you don't have any right whatever bye 
 0-being does not give you any right to humiliate or belittle others. 
 0-lol just because you lost feelings for her doesn't give you any right to say bad things about her. 
 0-there can't be religion because there can't be any right or wrong to stop me from being a totally selfish idiot. 
 0-i'm sick of seeing this. no one has any right to mock you for wearing/not wearin... by 
 0-chances are, you won't hear about this on any right wing site. 
 0-given their penchant for irresponsible spendings and nepotism, how can any right thinking people see this as a solution?! 
 0-in all honesty i agree with you all the way its her choice what she does with her body nobody has any right to judge her 
 0-i am reading it i am loving it! you are an amazing writer women's right activist. you are like no other. ty!! 
 3-you are an horrible person 
 0-if you are an artist from texas, submit your music to be a part of the show! under the a guest" tab! 
 0-you are an inspiration! keep it going 
 0-donald trump's outbursts are an outgrowth of antimuslim policies via 
 0-they just said my eyes are affront to god." they are trying to pluck them out of my skull but i will not relent 
 0-no nepal politician will talk to you if you are an indian. newspaper are filled with indian government blockade issue with political barb. 
 0-great job in the nutcracker!!! you are an amazing 
 0-can % say that almost every single person i've been near today has pissed me off... you are an exception 
 0-i kelly you are an amazing woman and great mother i am sure lov you 
 0-that's because you are an uneducated moron. 
 3-bro stop sucking of norman. for you to sit here and think he is innocent proves to us that you are an idiot 
 0-our personalized mini spoons are an ideal elegant addition to any dessert buffet! 
 0-people should never prospect. why? because they are an expensive resource and it is distracting. 
 0-my love for you overcomes all obstacles, you are an example to me of life, i love you forever, follow me please? x, 
 0-well, if you are an irelia main, you definitely don't want to miss these out! get it from 
 0-my love for you overcomes all obstacles, you are an example to me of life, i love you forever, follow me please? x, 
 0-my love for you overcomes all obstacles, you are an example to me of life, i love you forever, follow me please? x, 
 0-my love for you overcomes all obstacles, you are an example to me of life, i love you forever, follow me please? x, 
 3-no because you are an asshole 
 0-oh my god the cat whiskers are an annual thing to celebrate their friendship now behave 
 0-all kid who are an active part of our ministry don't pay for anything. kids from community must find their own cost. need or none 
 0-of all medications were derived from animal testing. if you take medication for anything, you are an animal abuser. 
 0- is the year of the vocal woman. our voices are an important part of the conversation. 
 3-unless they are an actual bitch 
 0-u are an embarrassment to ur family. show some class like ur father and brother withdraw from primary. 
 0-my love for you overcomes all obstacles, you are an example to me of life, i love you forever, follow me please? x, 
 0-my love for you overcomes all obstacles, you are an example to me of life, i love you forever, follow me please? x, 
 0-my love for you overcomes all obstacles, you are an example to me of life, i love you forever, follow me please? x, 
 0-my love for you overcomes all obstacles, you are an example to me of life, i love you forever, follow me please? x, 
 0-the inner machinations of my mind are an enigma. 
 0-my love for you overcomes all obstacles, you are an example to me of life, i love you forever, follow me please? x, 
 0-my love for you overcomes all obstacles, you are an example to me of life, i love you forever, follow me please? x, 
 0-my love for you overcomes all obstacles, you are an example to me of life, i love you forever, follow me please? x, 
 0-my love for you overcomes all obstacles, you are an example to me of life, i love you forever, follow me please? x, 
 0-myths dispelled? everything you say is a myth! you are an embarrassment to the american people you traitor! 
 0-hostesses with the seriously? you are an embarrassment to md alumni 
 3-you are an 
 0-i love you, queen! you are an inspiration 
 0-katie says you are best". had a teacher that cared so much"! you are an inspiration! 
 3-anytime you want to debate debate. you are an irrelevant fucking loser bullshitting to try to cover up what i know abt you. 
 0-duno how people say that tattoos are an addictive pain, i can honestly say i am never getting another one, they are horrible 
 0-in the air. perhaps the scent of the fir tree... though i am more likely to believe it's simply you who are an 
 0-you are an incredibly stupid person boldly going to war sans facts of any kind and betraying all your values while doing so. whatever. 
 0-it is a pleasure to meet you blackwolf. i hear you are an assassin? 
 0-omg i am loving on audiobook! you are an amazing woman, a role model, inspiring, and hilarious! 
 0-social media sites are an effective way to and market your work. get online and get 
 0-man british gays are an uptight bunch apparently saying can like what you want" is offensive to them 
 0-offended that sewage like you is allowed to vote! but you are an apt spokesman for your faux fuhrer! 
 0-feelings are an obstruction 
 0-all alone in my room i'll be sitting, with memories in my head that are running 
 0-the product alert section has been updated. perfect petites are running low. we anticipate this product back in stock midjanuary. 
 0-when your siblings are running around the house acting like satan's spawns 
 0-b/d and buses are running with delays due to heavy traffic at the  st transverse. allow additional travel time. 
 0-still in need of some christmas gifts!? come check out all the deals we are running here 
 0-i got the wrong info, there is no part  to the coffee appreciation course they are running another course on / if anyone's keen fb 
 0-liverpool's terribly injuryhit season is worsened by skrtel's layoff, we are running on threadbare now. it can't get worse or.... can it? 
 0-day , nick is still mia, supplies are running low 
 0-barack doesn't care if troops are running low on ammunition he still has plenty of golf balls. 
 0-please consider giving a holiday gift to mrs. yangs dogs supplies are running low ty! 
 0-the ones that are running brann bronzebeard. 
 0-trump telling a joke in liberal minds than the fact they are running a candidate who enabled a sexual predator. 
 0-not my family but how about hashtaggers the fine people who are running this game right here, for instance 
 0-what's wrong with the this the decline of the value of presidency? clowns,liars and morons from both sides of the aisle are running! 
 0-i am hoping they are delayed but they ought to call customers and tell them they are running late, 
 0-it's no secret the both of us are running out of time 
 0-afghan troops are running out of ammo, but bam is busy. 
 0-hey there! can you please describe the problem you are running into for us? 
 0-take advantage of this amazing deal we are running, % off all dvds, plus free shipping us and standard... 
 0-holiday sale: we are running all of our services at half off or buy one, get one free! ask us how to take advantage today. 
 0-so all the kids that follow rocky down the street when he runs have some serious endurance. some of them are running for a real long time. 
 0-the animals are running the zoo 
 0-we are live from prep. the games this afternoon are running behind schedule, so the opening tip against burke will be in  minutes. 
 0-we are running some special festive deals this month. spend and get a select bottle of prosecco or cava for... 
 3-agreed mate, last  games have been a shambles last  horrific, fucking leicester are running away with it ffs. 
 0-magazines are running out of ideas and now using celebrities twitters as their exclusive content source. news flash...i can see it 
 0-announced christmas to launch our newly refurbished shop we are running a competition to win a... 
 0-tensions are running high in our house tonight 
 0-i need to breathe bc my emotions rn are running high 
 1-he quit everything as many of us have. the lunatics are running and ruining the country now. 
 0-it's no secret that the both of us are running out of time 
 0-whether you are running short on time or just not sure what to buy...pick up a gift 
 0-and are the only candidates that are running on the peace ticket. 
 0-i find hospitals to be the most bureaucratic places. i now always ring to check if they are running to time. 
 0-travelling from last  days almost all trains are running late. will railway compensate for this? 
 0-and you are running late 
 0-are running transport to newcastle away for 
 0-sad you won't be there with us. but know you are running somewhere! 
 0-it's no secret that both of us are running out of time 
 0-if money can't buy you happiness, then why do they call it a depression when you are running low on money.. 
 0-going to the same schools as the people in power who are running the govt or wall st, or top corporations" 
 0-we are running very low on s'well bottles!! do not wait until the last minute to swing by and grab these fabulous... 
 0-we are running very low on s'well bottles!! do not wait until the last minute to swing by 
 0-well my horses are running wild again.. both of them this 
 0-the one you ask if they are game" isn't the one running the game, its the one who you don't ask. 
 0-high tek random boxes still avail, we are running out. get em before they are all sold out. 
 0-timeline photos tokio hotel uk street team fan club facebook thukst are running a th themed... 
 0-it's no secret that the both of us are running out of time 
 0-we are running out of time and we are so close to reaching our  likes goal for , please help us promote... 
 0- can be large depending how many workloads you are running per host. 
 0-senior associate asked if i was primping for a dinner date. well....it's with the guy i was bangin' before '" guy so this is awkward. 
 0-yea i asked if i could go to the bathroom and he said no.... 
 0-somebody just asked if i changed my named cos ardi astarto sounded way too good to be real omfg. best. compliment. ever. 
 0-every time i wear glasses, i get asked if i had a rough night. why cant i just wear glasses?!? 
 0-i get asked if i work at stores i'm shopping at a lot. no matter if i have on anything that remotely resembles the uniform of the employees. 
 0-mother just asked if the weeknd was a singing group of  people 
 3-also just asked me if my vape had cocaine in it. then she asked if it had weed in it. conclusion: my friends are bad influences 
 0-thank you to everyone who asked if i was 
 0-lol i got asked if i have extensions in my hair, no its my real 
 0-my mom just asked if means fleek" lmfao 
 0-and i just got asked if we were sisters...hmm 
 0-/ gd asked if i was alive when everything was black white... was it like with no colour? took a mo to understand... then, 
 0-so my grandma just called me asked if i'm bringing my boyfriend to christmas dinner. all i could do was laugh 
 0-getting asked if you're going to a party you weren't invited to 
 0-she was caught sleeping in class,got asked if she wants to sit on the floor,she made her bag a pillow 
 0-after rewatching the polar express my mum came up to me, rang a bell, and asked if i believed. 
 0-a british customer just asked if we sell actual reindeer antlers that his dog could chew. that's the 
 0-lol joo eun's mom is wearing her bfs clothes without even knowing and asked if she wore it when she was fat 
 0-he didn't even open it or the scholarship i brought home for him he just asked if anything else came in n the mail. 
 0-my mom just asked if i need i don't wear pajamas 
 3-wtf i asked if you could do a design on my nail the bitch said busy and continues reading her magazine. 
 0-today my niece told me she missed me living with her and asked if i would come back home. my heart broke in  and melted into a puddle! 
 0-i literally asked if u wanted to go and u said no omfg 
 0-if i remember correctly i think i might have tweeted him and asked if he could look at pace. so if he has seen is / 
 0-my brother just asked if i wanted money for gas but i said no cause i was mad at him 
 0-rania just asked if we wanted duck for how exactly do they serve that? full body?? poor i don't think so.. pizza it is 
 0-sadly cj can't join us in dubai but we've asked if he can join us rolex 
 0-my mom just asked if means fleek"......... lmfao 
 0-got up and asked if i was ok. and then he friend kept saying things like bro" and he started blushing but he helped me with 
 0-just got asked if wanna see the new star wars film. mmmmm is chewbacca a wookie??? yes do want to?? 
 0-nicoles mom just asked if ots was the same as your rocker" 
 0-hate how little i have been seeing my family recently. someone actually asked if i had moved out the other day. 
 0-my elderly neighbour just asked if i am giving him his christmas present tonight, no, i said, you will open it and drink it shh 
 0-got blocked on instagram earlier by a girl when i asked if it was her dog in the photo.... 
 3-my brothers a dick. he asked if i wanted oreos and obviously ima be like yeah but little did i know that bastard filled them with toothpaste 
 0-old boss just called and asked if i could come in today... do i do it? or nah? ughhh... 
 0-i think someone asked if this is a romhack. 
 0-my mom definitely just asked if i need anger management classes 
 0-asked some lady if there was a whataburger around here she asked if that was a car shop. first of all it has the word burger in it? 
 0-nan asked if i could make my tea in the dark so i didn't disturb the rabbit 
 3-this lil boy just asked if he can stay til christmas eve no ya ass going home tonight! 
 0-still find it hella cute that i walked into boots yesterday in my work uniform and a little girl came up to me and asked if we sold any 
 0-that lady at the department store asked if i was from satx or atx, told her i was local and she thought id fit in in 
 0-luck asked if he'd want to play if cleared if colts are out of it w: it's football, man. and there will be something on the line." 
 0-one of the people at his work just asked if i knew how to use ms paint 
 0-somebody asked if i still had an ig. i responded i'm waiting on my glo 
 0-beaten my own record. was asked if i wanted more rice and i turned it down. a lb . oz burrito 
 0-my girlfriend just asked if we can put something christmassy on tv. so i put k on and had matches at 
 0-robert literally just asked if smio" meant smell" in spanish.. 
 0-just went into the bar we were in last night and all the staff laughed and asked if we were ok. no memory of not being ok last night. 
 3-lead singer of the band perry is one thick ass white girl. 
 3-bouta watch these wack ass white lesbians on pornhub 
 3-wiggity whack ass white boy 
 3-annoying ass white girls 
 1-he shooting something up that's a retarded ass white boy lmfao 
 3-this fine ass white guy with a sleeve came into wb today, i almost died 
 1-boogie ass white people smh 
 3-thick ass white girls really satan in disguise 
 3-i deadass dont wanna watch a movie abt some some sensitive ass white high school kids 
 3-jon b was a fine ass white man. 
 0-anyone else watching mtv and see that trippy ass white human flower thing when the show goes on 
 3-who is dis lil ass white boy in da heights he looks like hes goonna get jummmped 
 3-lil bitch ass white boy 
 3-' with them pretty ass white teeth o be like lawd 
 3-why does this fine ass white guy have an shirt?!? lawd! girl, you got fans like that?" 
 3-why are these boring fucking basic looking ass white guys getting famous all the time whatd they do live in a suburb 
 3-of course my cousin go the dope ass white girl who gotta be down! 
 3-happy ppl.. i've had annoying ass white girls and thorough ones too and that goes for black(various nationalities) as well 
 3-why does this fine ass white guy have an shirt?!? lawd! girl, you got fans like that? 
 3-i always match with country ass white people and i think they just wanna hang out and disappoint their parents 
 1-ace: annie, what is hispanic? me: i'm not sure, some lazy ass white guy made it up to generalize hundreds of cultures. ask him. ace: mmkay 
 0-found my old dcs when i was a crazy ass white boy 
 3-my first thought whenever i see a fine ass white boy is wonder if he likes black girls?" 
 3-basic ass white boys these days.... 
 3-this pretty ass white boy 
 3-y'all gotta understand that carti was fightin some weird ass white boys. no points at all 
 3-jesus fucking christ that's one goofy ass white dude... 
 3-she probably giving some road head rn to some lame ass white boy, but that's alright i ain't see it happen man so it didn't happen. 
 0-i love how thick lips is a dominant trait but i deadass got stuck with thin ass white people lips 
 3-bro the sight of this bitch ass white boy makes my fuckin stomach hurt 
 3-ignorant ass white kid 
 3-pretty ass white boy 
 3-this bitch ass white dude just got angry at me for having a bernie sanders sticker 
 3-cause yall got the other  months. selfish ass white bitch. 
 1-some old ass white man just mad dogged tf out me as i passed by him in slow ass traffic 
 3-literally all your supporters are old ass white people lmao drop out pls 
 3-idk about y'all but i prefer ebony. i don't wanna see no pink penises or extrad out ass white girls. 
 3-see how society had us conditioned to think that a fat ass white guy was strolling through our house spreading holiday goodness smfh 
 3-creepy ass white boy followed my brother and i home, now he's just walking in our area so i don't want to finish my fucking run 
 3-i was a sexy ass white baby 
 3-it's always those sheltered ass white boys that be on that stupid ass shit. like they don't get that shit isn't a game to real goons. 
 3-me and  other people had their seats taken by rich ass white people who paid k to be on that plane 
 3-weird ass white man 
 1-fuck you and your fucking rich ass white family i hope broke you a broke down civic w no heater kr a/c 
 3-fuck airports lol how the fuck do you give up someone's seat to rich ass white peoples 
 3-all you mad ass white people in my mentions can choke on this 
 3-went to my dr. appt. and all these sexy ass white girls was in they all said hi to me at the same time it felt like a porn 
 3-i really can't stand ignorant ass white people 
 3-we all know a gutta ass white girl that has all the trap music. 
 3-ass white men. smh 
 0-miss money bags over here after my casino 
 0-measly cram bags over against tuno 
 0-just slip bread bags over them 
 0-maybe shes sugesting make them all wear a potato sak or have bags over their heads not focus on looks? 
 0-bags over jewels 
 0-i so prefer bags over wrapping presents 
 0-last year psn xbox live were attacked by dbags over the holidays. let's hope we don't see a repeat this year. 
 0-i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra 
 3-vote for hillary, she supports iran and saudi arabia who put bags over heads, binds hands and throws off buildings gays.. 
 0-hungry for something cheesy? buy any  cheezit bags over time and get  free! 
 0-there i was thinking swinging bulgarian bags over my head would give me guns not wounds... 
 0-rule: you must wear only leisure suits to all games. paper bags over heads would be better. 
 0-when you have to pay an extra cause your bags over 
 0-world champ bags over a / of the vote to win ride of the year! 
 0-world champ bags over a / of the vote to win ride of the year! 
 0-just saw some kid walking to school with grocery bags over his jordan's 
 0-is it weird if i wear plastic bags over my uggs bc of rain or 
 0-weight of bags over childhood 
 0-i remember i threw gisels bags over a fence into an abandoned house because she was being mean to me 
 3-those tall, rangy shitheads with bags over their shoulders. they love to jump  feet and kick/punch you. we are not friends 
 0-grocery bags over your socks 
 3-when your family is so beautiful, they have to wear bags over their head and sell combs 
 0-put some bags over your heads 
 3-he said tell that hoe boss up. huh bruh big bags over here ya heard me luv yea 
 0-wedding rags and putting bags over the fire alarm 
 0-goes to money bags over here houston, texas 
 0-how many times have saints fans worn bags over their heads since i was born is a better question 
 0-when are the saints fans going to start wearing the paper bags over their heads and become the ain'ts again? 
 3-the saints look like hot garbage. their fair weather ass fans been quiet all season. back to wearing them bags over your head next year. 
 0-for sale: mix ofgolf clubs, x golf bags, over  balls and tee's 
 0-elle how many times do i have to tell u dont put plastic bags over ur head 
 0-glenn i'm reading your book christmas sweater" for the st time. my dad made me wear plastic bags over my shoes, also. 
 0-were you the guts about  years ago with the paper bags over your face 
 0-want to heat up your pool? put black garbage bags over hula hoops and throw them in! 
 0-possibly all that he could afford. chandler opened up the boot of the car, carelessly throwing the bags over his 
 3-looks will only get you do far jess" was gonna be an ugly stripper the ones with bags over their heads" 
 0-he should remain there o. we will send his bags over. 
 0-no one should ever have to wear plastic bags over their socks 
 0-got triple the amount of likes on a picture of an old shopping bag than when i post one of myself. time to start wearing bags over my head. 
 0-today i'm going full grandma and wearing plastic bags over my shoes 
 0-sung by the plastic bags over the seats at the emirates? 
 0-baking complete! can't wait to porch drop a whole bunch of goodie bags over the next few days! 
 0-trash bags over your shoes ant 
 0-yoga w/christy today :pm. stretch out those muscles from carrying all those shopping bags over the weekend. 
 0-sorry saves on space in cooler when using bags over numerous bottles. 
 0-someone's just chucked their scarf and bags over my feet and legs on the train.... r u sure 
 0-pulls up his hood then swings his saddle bags over his shoulder before offering her his hand] i have more than enough 
 0-you literally just defended michael kors bags over supreme 
 3-really? talking shit after grienke signs with the dbags over an extra year? at least people can see the lakers play in la! 
 0-body bags over fake friends. 
 0-just commented on been punched, kicked, scratched if i stay be stor 
 0-listen to demons by jordan ne) by jordan ne this needs to be killed by someone 
 0-i misread kane bullard" as or be killed" help 
 0-nudging kill of be killed. 
 0-just commented on been punched, kicked, scratched if i stay be stor 
 0-it'd be nice if there were an alternative to the whole or be killed' thing 
 0- celebs rumored to be killed by the illuminati 
 0-these might be killed tomorrow unless fosters/adopters found before noon. 
 0-these might be killed tomorrow unless fosters/adopters are found before noon. 
 0-an asylum seeker who has been arrested while in portugal. he will be killed if sent to india. 
 0-she wanted to be killed. 
 0-been punched, kicked, scratched if i stay be stories of abused men 
 0-killed by another white meaning a white is more likely to be killed by a black than a black is by a white 
 3-nigga its kill or be killed 
 0-just commented on been punched, kicked, scratched if i stay be stor 
 0-she'd see! it was kill of be killed! 
 0-yes it really does especially when you've never played a game without being threatened to be killed and raped 
 0-if you don't resptnd to an email within  days, you wgll be killed by an animated gif of the girl from the r ng 
 0-if i don't calm them down, i'm going to be killed around* 
 0-you don't even need a gun you don't even need a pill if you ever wanna die fall in love and you'll be killed 
 0-will be killed soon if not rescued. please help this amazingly sweet natured lab girl! tampa 
 0-just commented on been punched, kicked, scratched if i stay be stor 
 0-but i will be killed 
 3-wow! bravo! chief hamas terrorist's exwife justifies his assassination: should be killed". 
 0-i added a video to a playlist squad: kill or be killed. action from pre steam release 
 0-just commented on been punched, kicked, scratched if i stay be stor 
 0-point of interest: game will not close on its own, freezes on exit. has to be killed in taskmanager every time. 
 0-just commented on been punched, kicked, scratched if i stay be stor 
 1-agnostics need to be killed. worse than believers or atheists 
 3-you are more likely to be killed by those m&amp;m's then a syrian refugee. 
 3-as i have been walking in d rain_those prepared by corrupt u.s.a governmentofficials as me were followingme_hoping i can be killed off today 
 0-i'd like to say that i'm a muslim, but i don't want to be killed for apostasy if i left the religion. 
 0-in this world it's kill or be killed 
 3-motherf**ckers thought we should be killed when came and stole us from africa and put us in chains... 
 0-just commented on been punched, kicked, scratched if i stay be stor 
 0-just commented on been punched, kicked, scratched if i stay be stor 
 1-it's kill or be killed 
 3-who wants naomi clark to be killed next? 
 0-kills openly gay woman to be killed in action: 
 0-newshour, could be killed at any moment" 
 3-will you open the book of life has end all the hate killing wars or just let more be killed raped all will know 
 0-ninjas want to grow up to be just like leanna ito. but usually they grow up just to be killed by leanna ito. 
 0-your stats show a black person is . times likely to be killed by a cop than a white person by a black person. 
 0-will open the book of life has and give all peace on earth for or just let more be killed like 
 0-so brave, such a situation, instinct takes over. either kill or be killed. instinct takes 
 0-you are more than  times as likely to be killed by a rightwing extremist than by muslim terrorists 
 0-just commented on been punched, kicked, scratched if i stay be stor 
 0-i cannot completely disagree....... 
 0-could be killed at any moment, the press should give us a voice." 
 0-theyre holding poison dart to your neck and if you remove your hand you'll be killed instantly. its like  pages in 
 0-hahaha. they'll be picking number one for a reason. did you watch mariota's last game? even the browns beat him. 
 0-nobody could physically beat him. but there are people in the xmen universe with psychic powers 
 0-i think work rate will beat him now 
 0-saban beat him with with tebow so bad one time tebow cried 
 0-two heartless losers rob blind salvation army bell ringer, beat him with his via 
 0-understanding that you cant beat him... that's the point.. 
 0-will beat him. 
 3-do worse, i'll have an army of pikmin beat him to a pulp then have them carry his corpse back to the onion 
 3-is pissed that i beat him in this game on 
 0-josh norman act like odbj didnt beat him on a go route earlier in the game before all that extra stuff went down he just dropped it 
 0-its calm tho coz the woman let me play halo  wit her son, i beat him but i felt sorry coz hes a special child 
 0-my lil brother but imma have to beat him up soon yo lol 
 3-he beat him last year in the playoff with cardale fucking jones at qb, tells me all i need to know. meyer's the goat. 
 0-this is the problem nobody knows how to beat him traditionally, so they complain. 
 0-the only opponent who could beat him is a bigger, nastier and more heavy handed one. prime tyson maybe lol 
 0-yea i guess his dad looked like he was gonna beat him up 
 0-sorry mate but he will be carefully matched, better fighters with better engines will beat him 
 0-the dude i just played in madden probably just killed himself cause i beat him on a last second pick  
 0-want me to beat him up? 
 0-which is why i said sakura from ccs could beat him 
 0-ss goku can beat him easily 
 0-obama has a nice short game.....i would beat him by  strokes though 
 0-update i just beat him by  and he had the  bulls 
 0-bet money drake would beat him lol 
 0-should i beat him up? 
 0-i beat on jam track by . seconds playing only time i'll beat him at anything moto related. 
 0-two heartless losers rob blind salvation army bell ringer, beat him with his 
 0-chris is lying i never told him to wear jeans. clearly i don't need an edge to beat him. see fantasy football years  and ...... 
 0-los beat him up 
 0-kendrick lamar says he hates lil wayne and he's going to beat him up when he sees him 
 1-we were in the violin shop and my uncle called a viola bass fiddle" and i wanted to rip off my arm and beat him with up 
 0-either way, kylo has some work to do dawg. not even bc rey beat him. she's clearly a mutant. finn got a hit in on him 
 0-someone needs to beat him 
 0-absolutely, saitama...no one can beat him, except his creator 
 0-from what we seen so far(manga anime) he will beat anyone he hits. maybe diff powers(genjutsu,etc) can beat him though 
 0-plz explain how is behind johnson in the rankings when he just beat him handily. smh 
 0-if i see him i'll beat him up for you 
 0-did you beat him? 
 0-beat him outta his shoe 
 0-they might say to the guy, you beat him up, give you an extra tray of you know, very barbaric, very dehumanizing. 
 0-the dummy attacked us. i beat him... 
 0-two heartless losers rob blind salvation army bell ringer, beat him with his via 
 0-beat him too. i'm too scared to ever lose again so i'm proper honing muh skills. i'm gonna bring it. 
 0-yes i will beat him for us both 
 0-bernie will beat him. plain and simple. 
 0-lmao my son is going to cry reckon i beat him in a v fight to the death over a pair of jordan's 
 0-he will bumps in to wright doesnt he....... think he may beat him 
 0-what if i get a boyfriend by the time lauren visits me and she can meet him and beat him up okay wow goals best friend goals 
 0-your fighting bizier? why? jo jo dan beat him twice and you breezed passed him. boring 
 0-just beat him again  new teams. suwon bluewings rule 
 1-but on some real shit you're probably the biggest faggot on twitter who doesn't train or workout, plain and simple 
 3-too bad your the biggest faggot to walk this planet 
 1-why do i turn in to the biggest faggot when ever i listen to vogue 
 1-its the biggest faggot of my life's birthday 
 3-youre actually the biggest faggot i know but still cute 
 1-you are the biggest faggot i have ever seen. 
 1-biggest faggot in boxing,openly ducks opponents by faking injuries,twice devon and now chaves,he keeps fighting his 
 3-happy birthdayyyyy to the biggest faggot i wuv youuuu hope you have the best day 
 3-biggest faggot on the internet? 
 1-i'm an asshole with literally everyone but when it comes to my pets i'm the biggest faggot 
 3-the guy i kicked was literally the biggest faggot i've ever played with 
 1-luxray is the biggest faggot that xrays fucking play legit cunt and you are terrible. 
 3-biggest faggot in the world i everything lame ass fuck and when i'm in oakland i'm slapping his ass 
 1-seriously the biggest faggot ever 
 1-sportstalkjoe is the biggest faggot 
 1-silk let's be real you've gotta be the biggest faggot weaboo irl 
 1-you're the biggest faggot on social media 
 3-is the biggest faggot who ever lived. he is just all talk but no walk, cuz he's too busy getting pounded by his dad. 
 3-i don't give a shit i would say sorry but you're the biggest faggot on twitter 
 3-happy st birthday to the biggest faggot i know! hope you've had a great day! 
 1-dude, that guy is the biggest faggot holy shit. 
 1-you are the biggest faggot i have ever met what the fuck is this account get a life or make the hockey team 
 1-you are maybe the biggest faggot on twitter 
 3-who's the biggest faggot 
 1-the guy with the rolls royce must be the biggest faggot ever 
 3-onrestrictionn has to be the biggest faggot i've ever seen 
 3-ayoo kd is officially the biggest 
 1-odell is the biggest faggot i know it's all about him and he can't even win with any class 
 3-david gay son  male straight american single af video games and thigh highs sleeping and grayza biggest faggot 
 1-i hope everyone know dane healis is the biggest faggot ever! i don't follow him but i hope he sees this 
 1-biggest faggot i have worked with. 
 3-you're literally the biggest faggot 
 1-fero is the biggest faggot in this community, i swear. 
 1-anyone who says they respect the police is the biggest faggot pussy i know 
 1-how could i forget you? biggest faggot i know 
 1-jarvis and the biggest faggot in the league 
 1-hbd to the biggest faggot i know, congrats on the l 
 3-vaks is the biggest faggot alive 
 1-roses are red, the grass is green, you're the biggest faggot i've ever seen. 
 1-i was so honored to award steven biggest faggot in brownsville the other day over the phone; i think i really made his day. 
 3-happy birthday to biggest faggot i've met, thanks for putting up with me all the love 
 3- biggest faggot i know 
 3-geri, you're the biggest faggot ik. 
 3-and you're the biggest faggot that's in california. 
 3-chip kelly is the biggest faggot 
 1-you are the biggest faggot i have ever seen 
 3-coming from the biggest faggot i know 
 1-biggest faggot of the internet  blaze is flyy from youtube please say in stream 
 1-is the biggest faggot i know 
 1-you are literally the biggest faggot ive ever seen recruiting people then kickin the nigga for his disability. literally go kys 
 0-blame the majority of this minecraft youtubers who can't keep their hands to themselves... i'm disgusted by their foolishness! 
 0-going to miss my first lsu basketball game tonight in a long time tonight. i blame the weather. 
 0-i mean why blame the workers? i'm assuming they are told to take them and punished if they don't 
 0-blame the way i was brought up, or the flaws i was born with 
 0-leftist attempts to blame the failures of govts that ignore property rights on the plenty created in systems that respect them. 
 0-if the wilpons don't invest on the why should fans? blame the wilpons 
 0-i blame the bus 
 0-then its their fault lol who asked them not to read it first they really didnt read it tho) you cant blame the fans that r mad 
 0-blame the dog... 
 0-sure blame the goaltenders. this shows just how bad of a coach therrien is for 
 0-i blame the illumanati. 
 0-blame the drugs got me sinning on a weekday 
 0-there appears to be a struggle with maths, i blame the schools. 
 0-my blood starts to boil when i see how much we love to blame the victim. 
 0-right? who's wrong? who really cares? the fault, the blame, the pain's still there." 
 0-i wanna blame the time difference but there's really no excuse... 
 0-so, should we really blame the male gamers? not really. then again, it's pretty much the parents who let their  year olds play games.... 
 0-a lot of girls will blame the best friend' for shit when the dude, is really just not that into them lol 
 0-i was going to blame the tsa for losing one of my shoes, but we didn't check that bag. huh. i fail at packing. 
 3-how kids supposed  learn that fire burns, if today's parents blame the fire for being hot. motherfuckers the real world has consequences 
 3-and i blame the fucking seat belt 
 0-so malcolm x, and black panther movement had no merit? it might not be right but how can you blame the victims? 
 0-then y'all blame the girl.. 
 1-i blame the gay jews! he just blames der gays 
 0-guys don't blame the alfie fandom for their unoriginal drags, i mean just look at their idol. the  year olds are only following an example. 
 0-don't forget bama also gets to blame the nfl draft 
 0-but i believe she's critiquing those who blame the victim rather than the victim themselves. at least that's how i read it. 
 0-i don't blame canelo for trying to gain them advantages, i more blame the wbc for allowing him to do it. dangerous 
 0-can't blame the cat... 
 0-i blame the couch for being in my way though lol 
 0-i blame the weather for the fact that i'm not in the christmas spirit 
 0-well tbf, you can blame the overcharging on movie pirating...the cinema industry's ready to 
 3-blame the whores 
 0-when you physically,or emotionally hurt someone,you dont get to decide if they're hurt or not. you don't get to blame the other person. 
 0-oh, sure, blame the medium. 
 0-mins private meeting lasan you'll whip everybody into place. who born any marketer to misbehave?! more convenient to blame the other man. 
 0-actually just heard my grandpa blame the warm christmas weather on obama. that's 
 0-i blame the invention of the birthday week for this christmas eve eve eve noise 
 0-lmao blame the wack signings on emenalo 
 0-always blame the boots 
 0-i blame the carry on and one personal item" rule for waiting until the last minute to christmas shop. 
 0-i blame the ease of committing murder. why are there so few murders by rock these days? 
 0-i haven't been this lazy since my teenage years. i blame the weather 
 0-nae snow at christmas, a blame the goths 
 0-why only  episodes! of course the reception would get jacked during it. i blame the beeb on both counts:) 
 0-but then, i don't blame the rabid gejites one bit... if not for these amunibuni eran ibiyes... ipade di tomorrow... goodnight! 
 0-shocking. i blame the players. stick with me iwan. 
 0-most or all of these buildings are no city signoff needed. you can still blame the architects... 
 3-if ya'll haven't fucked/fucked with every dude or female.. then how can you blame the whole gender.. that's all i ever see on my tl.. 
 0-watch video 
 0-and moreover, why are you hiring insane bus drivers? 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: there's a school bus driver shortage 
 0-bus drivers around here are so lovely im home now 
 0-only jade uses the swim bus drivers charger 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: there's a school bus driver shortage 
 0-my favorite bus drivers are the ones that wait when they see you running. 
 0-need to make th bus drivers be more considerate to other drivers on th roads... they rarely use th bus space available 
 3-bus drivers ups drivers gives no fucks on the road 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment 
 3-septa bus drivers really be fat as shit 
 0-bus drivers actually are the definition of miserable 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: there's a school bus driver shortage 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-npr news headline: amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, sc... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, sc... 
 0-how do the bus drivers open the doors? 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: when unemployment is high, school district... 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: there's a school bus driver shortage 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for bus drivers: there's a school bus driver shortage 
 0-amid economic recovery, school districts desperate for 
 3-already see some hoes hashtagging lives matter" in their butt ugly selfie smh... 
 0-you shoulda seen the butt ugly linoleum we had to match that crap! 
 3-damn! that is a butt ugly skank! 
 0-with fabercastell brand artist pens, you too can draw butt ugly anime 
 3-heard the buttugly version, right? not even worth 
 0-say bugly, butt ugly, a lot of people say fugly, but i don't believe in saying those negative things" 
 0-am i the only person who remembers the butt ugly martians or...???? 
 0-i wasn't, but you're asking for it. you're butt ugly and now supporting the biggest bully cmon 
 3-you are such a butt ugly nonjoke understanding, stupid piece of white trash that gets old dude's to pay for your ugliness sick 
 0-making my butt ugly though don't do that was my first foray into odd time 
 3-i think the video calls him a weak ass, lying scumbag bastard with a butt ugly fat ass wife 
 3-poor miley she turned butt ugly 
 0-st its butt ugly nd dominican canadian then show that not fn, via 
 0-yea that color is butt ugly now 
 0-the awkward moment when someone says u remind them of someone and that person butt ugly 
 0-hey retailers, your clothes this year have been godawful buttugly: hideous patterns, drab colors, skanky fabrics. u can do better 
 3-when u and yo homie holla at a bitch with a thick body a fat ass but than she turn around and she hella butt ugly 
 0-the good, bad and butt ugly 
 0-the problem with you doing is that u did her buttugly. she tried  make you pretty. 
 3-why does there have to be so many fucking butt ugly gaming pc cases? 
 3-abuse" is what you say when you're afraid to say ugly". 
 3-next semester when i only have to go to tech i'm going to be looking butt ugly because they are the only people that will see me and we fam 
 3-that song that's says need a butt ugly slut with a drinking problem and a jealous man in jail" reminds me of ever time 
 3-getting on your butt ugly list. 
 3-butt ugly 
 3-corypheus is so butt ugly lmao but he's part darkspawn and they're ugly as hell so it makes sense 
 3-i own some butt ugly tshirts. 
 3-what a buttugly dysfunctional couple. 
 0-hey bob, the house you are trying to sell is sure butt ugly! have you had any bites&gt; 
 3-looking at her buttugly face i can see why she says that 
 3-cliche thing to say when returning to america after living abroad, but americans are butt ugly fat. 
 3-lmao fr they think using the filter is gonna make a difference.. bihhhh you still butt ugly! 
 3-my latest graphs are going to look buttugly because of this damn it 
 0-i've always considered the eu games to be butt ugly. perhaps one reason i've never tried them. the gfx put me off totally. 
 0-butt ugly... jk waleed bad af 
 0-lmao i wish i wasn't butt ugly 
 3-not with kylo ren, i'd get aids every time i looked at his butt ugly face 
 0-ugly 
 3-she's butt ugly has no real talent get rid of her trashy sorry ass!! 
 0-part : shawty den got butt ugly i mean frog ugly teeth look like the square double mint gum 
 3-buy my buttugly hats! 
 0-ur butt ugly boi 
 3-your toyota is butt ugly so are you 
 3-if you were as butt ugly as that serrell loser you'd spout nonsense too. 
 3-you ever just think wow we're lucky were decent looking girls, there's some girls that are butt ugly" pantina 
 3-i don't like that rumor that nigga butt ugly everybody sized my 
 3-she said butt ugly but hes still ugly" 
 0-rocket's and hornets game had been butt ugly. at least the rockets look like they are going to pull the win out 
 3-this game is more buttugly than nude pics of janet reno... 
 0-kylo ren is butt ugly. 
 0-change your mood dance, jump, call a friend, put on some awesome music. 
 0-congratulations. been that person for a while. fuming post game does nothing to change your life, so i see little point 
 0-no bother man i understand, sure if you change your mind the offer is still open! 
 0-go sixth form first man you might change your mind and that. 
 0-fearless speaking: beat your anxiety, change your life book is empowering!" 
 0-it will change your life 
 0-i don't wanna steal your freedom i don't wanna change your mind 
 3-will u pls just change your fuckin name tf 
 0-understood. if you change your mind in the future, please let us know. we're here / to help. 
 0- ways the apple watch will change your workouts 
 0-okay no this is disgusting change your answer for the hsm question 
 0-you don't like something, change it. if you can't change it, change your attitude." maya ange 
 0-change your mind on that." 
 0-you should change your username, man utd sucks.. 
 3-he just yelled at me saying change your fucking attitude your attitude is horrible" 
 0-change your thinking change your reality. 
 0-only you can change your life, no one can do it for you. 
 0-every new day is another chance to change your life! 
 0-change your selling mindset in  minutes here's 
 0-change your life today! 
 0-tfw you change your userpic and someone unfollows 
 0-take a ride in a nissan gtr and you just might change your mind! so yes...yes we do! 
 0-the day launcher system: you will never change your life until you change what you do on a daily basis. 
 0-bihhhh i'm just startin. if i keep goin ima make u change your name start a new life 
 0-what lpt really change your life? 
 0-watching tyler carter on snapchat with madi and i asked her if he was cute and she looks at me like... uhh no. i will change your mind 
 0-change your life 
 0-if you weren't already disgusted by foie gras, this video may change your mind jesus h. christ this must be stopped. 
 0-change your dayput a grin on your face: 
 3-reminder to myself: change your fucking abilities 
 0-im curious. if you could go back in time and change your past, what would you change? 
 0-yeah it's pretty cool so just change your middle name 
 0-i will change your life if you would let me 
 0-you will need to call to change your payments. pls delete tweets with crn in them as twitter not secure to share this info 
 0-will never change your life until you change something you do mike murdoch 
 0-how to change your computer name in windows . 
 0-weird how little things can change your mood from bad to good and good to bad 
 0-change your thoughts, change your circumstances! of attraction) powerful! 
 0-when you truly care for someone, their mistakes never change your feelings because it's the mind that gets angry but the heart still cares. 
 0-tomorrow seems like a long way away... and welp rip. change your ip xd 
 0-you don't like change your new colour hair? me too i don't like too 
 0-i'm not saying change your lifestyle. i'm saying you should think about the oppressive systems you support by eating meat 
 0-advice but it could change your perception in life'. 
 0-can u please change your header 
 0-you're right i will never try to change your mind. that is your decision you must be responsible for. 
 0-if you don't like something, change it. if you can't change it, change your attitude. maya angelou 
 0-music is talent. this people can change your mood and one line can make you remember something u really missed, memories or motivation. 
 0- amazing google hacks that will change your internet addicted life 
 3-i get way too chink eyed 
 1-scored + in  straight games. typical patriots hater. chink eyed fuck. 
 3-i'm so chink eyed 
 1-herro, it's lulu the chinkeyed elf with santa visiting the 
 3-happy birthday chink eyed 
 3-superb dick sucking lips if you ask me though your a bit chink eyed, do you smoke weed beautiful? 
 1-proper chink eyed this morning 
 3-you should probably stop drinking now... you're all chink eyed like me 
 3-mom:i never realized how chink eyed you are. me:no i'm not annoying it's the way i'm laying. mom:i could blind fold you with dental 
 1-zemzo you are ugly asf you light skinned, chink eyed, lil dicked ugly bitch kys 
 0-let's get chink eyed 
 3-you are awesome guardians. japan rot in hell you chink eyed bastards. fuck you 
 0-bout to get chink eyed after 
 1-stfu u chink eyed pig 
 3-when i smile i go chink eyed 
 3-you know i like em chink eyed, thick thighs 
 3-when u chink eyed chillin 
 3-ol lookin chink eyed lookin nigga 
 1-wide eyed n shit, my medicine makes me feel like i go all chink eyed. so i held my eyes like this for  minutes lol. 
 1-messy hair and chink 
 3-chink eyed to the max 
 3-alex is also chink eyed when it comes to his selfies 
 3-gettin chink eyed an watchin that star wars tonight me, anyone spoils it for me there ma's from rhyl 
 1-i'm lookin at that tweet chink eyed af like what is life. 
 1-shut yo chink eyed ass up 
 3-chink eyed ass bitch! 
 3-lil chink eyed negro 
 1-japan is so sick. chink eyed zombies. fuck you. you are the biggest loser ever. 
 0-in paradise norman's cay, exumas 
 3-you know i like them chink eyed, thick thighs 
 3-just got to the buffet and my stomach starts hurting fml, gotta get my money's worth outta these chink eyed mother fuckers 
 0-so chinkeyed it's uncomfortable." 
 1-chink eyed trying to navigate in a backwood blizzard 
 3-nikiki came to rock hill!!! nice seeing ya my fellow chinkeyed waffle house 
 1-chink eyed problems 
 1-cloud  so chink eyed mannn 
 0-chink eyed w/ my fav reindeer 
 3-chink eyed bad bitch 
 0-my little chink eyed bae comes home tomorrow for two weeks 
 3-i'm a chink eyed bitch but he's pretty hot 
 1-ignore chink eyed bitches that are obviously jealous and intimidated 
 0-it's too early 
 3-doped up.. ima chink eyed fool. 
 0-aoi does this thing where he works his way around a parameter and looks for chinks in the proverbial armour whilst stan gets a steamroller 
 0-delayed wisdom cannot help any one,chinks in their armour is already exposed 
 0-a lot of the time, what doesn't kill me puts dents sometimes chinks) in my armour. 
 0-going after children is a strategic tactic with benefits, you see? children are humanity's chinks in the armor. 
 0-lord let not the enemy find any chinks in my armor. 
 0-think going to be some chinks in the armor of trump as we move into the last weeks in john sununu tells 
 0-my third eye is open theres chinks in their armor!!! 
 0-fareal once u put it out there u invite people to look for chinks in the armor. i want to build it solid first 
 0-bjp won't show chinks in its armour backs jaitley, for solidarlty to maintain party morale. but this chink is big. 
 0-/ this is not anyone's quote. if true, it's god's revelation of the chinks in the enemies armour. else it's my fault. 
 0-doesn't change that chinks in the armor are showing. it hurts! it hurts!" 
 0-has some weird chinks in his armor in terms of his conception of the world," says specifically of his putin praises. 
 0-lord let not the enemy find any chinks in my armor. 
 0-chinks in their armour are starting to appear! 
 1-those who want us military out of ph shd start arming selves and fight the chinks in spratlys and mischief. you can't, your balls r fried. 
 3-n'sync w/ the hood, gray minks in the hood, we tryna get money like chinks in the hood" 
 0-hey, its only because you have so many chinks in your armor im sorry 
 0-going after children is a strategic tactic with benefits, you see? children are humanity's chinks in the armor. 
 3-drivin n a see ma pal aw by hersel n picked her up fae the bus stop fuck superman, chinks in toon tae the rescue x 
 0-why we not talking about the panthers showing chinks in their armor hmm 
 3-there are chinks in cam's armour!!! 
 0-is this the first time we have seen obj showing chinks in his armour! sounds like a big time implosion. 
 0-beckham showing chinks in his armor. you can easily get into his head. 
 3-because they know their candidate has chinks in his armor, and can't win against my candidate. polls prove it 
 0-is that really something people are saying? i think there are chinks in her psyche later films will explore. 
 0-still secure. i check my security, good no chinks in its program. my files appear to be secure also. 
 0-a chinks in the adele armor? via djrobblog 
 0-going after children is a strategic tactic with benefits, you see? children are humanity's chinks in the armor. 
 0-the first chinks in armour r showing. congis worried about survival. 
 0-a chinks in the 
 3-how can someone drive worse then a stoner. you have to be cheebed out on heroin to drive like the chinks in miramesa 
 0-lundy giving up goals sounds like there are chinks in the nyr armor. 
 0-although it's difficult to admit, that's an impressive win for ohio state. chinks in the armor, kentucky? 
 0-there chinks in my armor! lord give me strength. 
 0-a lifelong battle, perhaps worth fighting, to try to love someone through the chinks in their armor." 
 1-the chinks in the mall great at repair 
 0-it is a lifelong battle to try to someone through the chinks in their armor. robert brault 
 1-was about to torrent football manager but then i realised square tried and fucked it up and ended up with a squad of chinks in tallaght 
 3-you're gucci dude, let's see some mean peg chinks in the meantime 
 0-that's the signs of nervousness setting in....keep it aap supporters the chinks in the armor are now visible. 
 0-chinks in the armor... 
 0-the power of ! need to assess who's willing who ain't willing  run the house 
 3-i hope there are some fine ass chinks in ur city istg if not i'm done 
 0-we had to order in full riot gear. the eagle could find chinks in the armour, stabbing through between the pads. 
 0-would tweet like is under control but the chinks in the armour quite visible 
 0-chinks in his sword and dings in his armour. greatness hampered. 
 0-pink, pouty lips, glitter, glitch...bros view as chinks in the net girl armor, tools for interference, invasion, 
 0-chinks in the armour 
 3-odinga is putting the president,his deputy on the defensive by artfully exploiting chinks in armour,particularly on corruptionmg 
 3-i didn't see chinks in this picture therefore this comment and this picture are racist 
 3-my mom didn't play that disrespectful shit. these new age moms swear that coon shit is so cute 
 1-this is some coon shit, wack 
 1-allat coon shit 
 1-stop all that coon shit 
 3-its still coon shit. 
 3-roddy white is a coon and coons will always do coon shit. 
 3-nah that's pure coon shit i know  of niggas with the sound effect hands 
 1-stop all that coon shit early morning cartoon shit, this is that goon shit 
 1-ya boy is on some coon shit lmao 
 0-that coon shit!! ancestors rolling in their graves 
 3-if the kkk would let niggas in sum would join too fuk outta here with that coon shit 
 3-coon shit 
 0-i just wanna know whens the remy and pap can have this coon shit... 
 0-i just wanna know whens the remy and pap can have this coon shit... 
 1-like they really put this coon shit on tv tryna convince me cardi b a star man fomf 
 3-does hillary clinton owe donald trump an apology? head nigger and the cunt, we all know that pack of coon shit! 
 3-black unemployment all time high. he says when blacks complain....i'm president of all america aka coon shit 
 3-because those guys know the power of the dollar. we don't make it any better applauding coon shit and giving it shine 
 3-i would try and defend steve harvey but he do be on some coon shit 
 1-this is that coon shit i don't endorse 
 1-stop with that coon shit 
 3-he did some coon shit on a white mans show 
 1-think about it, the chain allegedly worth k. after they spend all that up on silly coon shit, they back to bein broke. 
 3-coon shit 
 3-are y'all surprised that a coon did some basic ass coon shit? that's why you don't put coons on tv. 
 1-give a damn about slavery and a bunch of more coon shit. now he see he isn't as far removed as he thought. 
 3-a. no hbcu is all black. b. even if it was, you too good for your own people? c. leave this coon shit in . 
 1-that's straight up coon shit!!!!! 
 0-thank u for giving us heads up about the racist script. i won't be going to see coon shit. 
 3-that's that coon shit lol fucking dweebs 
 3-if the character doesn't develop and mature in the next two episodes than it is soon coon shit, but the jury is still out  me 
 1-stop all that coon shit 
 1-lmao just did some coon shit with my uncle 
 3-stevie harvey definitely did some coon shit 
 3-fuck all that coon shit. i just bet its a nice life up there. 
 1-steve harvey did some coon shit i know he did 
 1-wonder what type of off the wall coon shit steve harvey was saying tonight 
 3-too cute to get caught on some coon shit 
 3-lmao. why is my name on this coon shit? quinn look 
 3-to them sisters out their get out of them white ways all that dumb coon shit must come to a end the... 
 3-i got a feeling caine bout to do some coon shit. 
 3-i'm black, and i love black people. but we fall for too much coon shit to be complaining about racism. smh 
 1-stop all that coon shit 
 1-coon shit! 
 3-stop all that coon shit 
 3-see this coon shit lmao they clearly idiots 
 3-coon shit smh, gotta love north. 
 1-yea i've seen some real fucked up dune coon shit 
 0-the most coon shit if ever heard. police have no right to execute anybody. they're two separate issues. 
 3-to buy tickets in order to get shoes is coon shit. 
 0-the actor who plays the dead cop in luther plays the living cop in alan partridge. 
 3-be a big cop in a small town? fuck off up to the model village" 
 0-wondered who the cop in front of me was pulling over, turns out he was going to stop that guy driving the wrong way on the highway. 
 0-s/o to the undercover cop in shorewood for pulling me over to give me a dunkin' 
 0-as they busted a u they got pulled over, a undercover cop in a dark green nova 
 0-the best car safety device is a rearview mirror with a cop in it 
 0-cop charged with perjury tampering. virtually every cop in america could be charged with the same. 
 0-cop charged with perjury tampering. virtually every cop in america could be charged with the same. sounds like... 
 0-cop in the rhs parking lot for anyone taking river road, heads up. 
 0-the best car safety device is a rearview mirror with a cop in it 
 0-the best car safety device is a rearview mirror with a cop in it 
 0-the best car safety device is a rearview mirror with a cop in it 
 0-the best car safety device is a rearview mirror with a cop in it 
 0-the ones that cover your whole body lls and then they just leave u in that until the nurse comes with the 
 0-don't be a fool, cover your tool 
 0-i liked a video from hardcore pyro the jack g cake cover your ears!! 
 3-you mfers that cough&amp; don't cover your mouth need to be slapped. 
 1-you guys are in corruption! ruining innocent lives so you can cover your own weasel tracks 
 0-follow me and i'll cover your songs with my choral of only me) 
 3-i cover your mouth with my hand. don't even say that word!" i frown. not a whore, okay? i'm pretty 
 0-why don't you just cover your hair? that way you can be judgmental and not look like a hypocrite. 
 0-do not ever go to ny nails on the south end. service is horrible and to linda a fillin does not cover your entire nail. 
 0-scene comes on the tv* mum starts shouting cover your eyes, cover your eyes i'm  are u serious? 
 0-although it doesnt surprise me people wanna cover your songs, they're genuis 
 3-yo lady, before you cover your car in dumbass bumper stickers, maybe you should learn how to drive st?? gettin a little ahead of yourself.. 
 0-my head, smiling brightly* close your eyes, and cover your ears. you can not use our bond, or invade my head to 
 0-palm your eyes: rub your hands until they are warm and then cover your closed eyes. do that for  minute. breathe. 
 0-mark your calendars on january  for the cover your acres conference in oberlin, ks 
 0-cover your house in fairy lights, fuck the planet. 
 0-they don't want to cover your startup. the getting in his good books before he goes to mattermark. 
 0-dj khaled all i do is win feat. moonzz fox cover) your edm 
 0-can help with these dishes or i can cover your escape to the gym... run. literally." god bless papa t, saving my ass since  
 0-you just stay you n the baby stays beautiful" remember don't be silly and cover your willy 
 0-we love someone feels embarrassed u can do like others cover your face 
 0-don't worry about tests, ronald bica's test cases cover your code too. 
 0-bt it doesn't. does the koran mention hijab anywhere? does it say cover your hair? only thing i saw in mine was dress modestly 
 0-didn't your parents ever teach you to cover your mouth while yawning?? 
 0-seniors: food for thought cover your home address on your acceptance letters to college before taking a pic posting online 
 0-never you dave your gloves are big enough to cover your face. 
 0-gostei de um de hardcore pyro the jack g cake cover your ears!! 
 0-cover your mouth when you feel. i don't wanna catch that 
 0-dj khaled all i do is win feat. moonzz fox cover) your edm 
 0-yooo! my dad yawned and my brother rolled down all the windows in the car. i'm ctfuuu! talking about some cover your mouth. 
 0-topics included: cover your mouth when coughing, silence your phone, not buying smelly food 
 0-your holy book didn't even mention hijaab. nowhere did they say cover your hair. only cover the bosom 
 3-cover your tits up you infant 
 0-need some in my life to motivate me to clean! it cover your ears 
 0-why wear a warm fuzzy hat if you aren't going to use it to cover your ears....... for fashion? 
 0-she want u to cover your goodies 
 0-why say my name in a lie to cover your own tracks 
 0-someone make me a fan sign like this, except don't cover your nipples. i'll make it my header 
 0-eli the fake cover your sneeze dance that black people do? 
 0-this highspeed video of a sneeze will make you cover your mouth from now 
 0-what to do when the press won't cover your app 
 0-i can cover your shift 
 0-soft spot for you. my hand moved, shifting to cover your smaller one. even in this vessel, you had small hands. my voice 
 0-if you're a server at steak n shake and you go out on a smoke break or to talk to someone and i have to cover your section i probably hate u 
 0-would be suspicious. and why would you cover your face unless you were a suspicious person? hide in plain sight 
 0-having to take out a loan to cover your loan because the loan didn't cover everything...... how is this constitutional? 
 0-can they cover your face...! xxx 
 0-incredibly, this excuse is considered legitimate. sounds more like cover your a$$ loophole 
 0-silver edges flowing our melody why cover your ears and run away? alasi can see the rest of your dreams 
 0-cover your wounds, don't show your scars 
 0-this picture cracks me up every time i see it.. my dad or phil from 
 0-i won a game by  point at los angeles stage. play 
 3-i fucking love when stevie and ally bicker it cracks me up omg they get so mad 
 0-cracks me up 
 3-this dumb bitch cracks me tf up 
 0-loving cracks me up 
 0-my mom cracks me up. 
 0-this cracks me 
 0-juan's pic cracks me the fuck up 
 3-chloe out of geordie shore cracks me up walks into a tree and goes fuck off 
 0-this always cracks me up cuz i literally have no letters 
 0-lmao the geico commercial with peter pan cracks me tf up idk maybe it's just me 
 0-this drama alert cracks me up 
 0-i won a game by  point at los angeles stage. play 
 0-my brother cracks me up omg 
 3-i really hope you add silent, background laugh as a podcast laugh track. shit cracks me up every time. 
 0-yes they could! now people are too intimidated by games. cracks me up! 
 0-still cracks me up 
 0-jonah hill geesh cracks me up 
 0-i just cracks me up are like have you heard taylor swifts new song?!" like... it's been out for almost a year now... 
 0-listening to people talk ghetto with a southern accent cracks me up 
 0-i'm so glad this show is back cracks me up! the tattoo quality is unreal 
 0-i won a game by  point at seoul stage. play 
 0-heathers laugh cracks me up 
 0-smoking on the size of my arm. guy cracks me up. 
 0-no matter how i'm feeling taylor's personality just cracks me tf up 
 0-dan always cracks me up 
 0-cracks me up hahaha 
 0-when leia pulls han over and starts don't know who you are, or where you come from..." it cracks me up every time. 
 0-this moment always cracks me up with nialls face and harry's defense to someone off camera! lmao 
 0-this addlepate babe just cracks me up! comes up with the most incredulous things 
 0-why do old people always add in front of social media it cracks me up 
 0-this picture of my sister cracks me up 
 0-cracks me up every 
 0-american dad cracks me up 
 0-chloe cracks me 
 0-seen ted loads before, still cracks me up like 
 0-the scene where bass walks in on tina christie still cracks me up. the expression on this face is priceless. and christie's remarks. 
 0-opening boxes all day at work i end up covered in pieces of tape. i'm as sticky as clark after the christmas tree. scene cracks me up! 
 0-he cracks me up. and yes that ig account is gold. they have a lot of sources. lol. 
 0-i love that one! already posted it though so feel bad doing it to my peeps again. cracks me up every time i see it. 
 0-i love johnni blaze. she cracks me up. too real. 
 0-my little sister cracks me up 
 3-fuckin cracks me doesn't he realise that nobody wants him at the 
 0-this cracks me up everytime 
 0-james gordon's carpool with one direction cracks me up 
 3-her head is completed she cracks me up 
 0-that's one of my fave stories' to tell because it still cracks me up to this day 
 0-randy cracks me up! 
 0-bless the person who made this picture, it cracks me up every time i see it 
 3-i don't be cuffin' these hoes i just be bustin these hoes 
 3-cuffin these hoes thats where u went bad at 
 3-cuffin these bitches you niggas is cops 
 3-fuckin these no cuffin these no lovin these they all for the smash 
 3-cuffin these bitches you niggas is cops 
 3-s/o to the ft carson niggas that's cuffin these hoes tho, y'all the real mvp 
 3-y'all boyz really be cuffin these stank hoez wit no morals 
 3-cuffin these hoes that's where you went bad at 
 3-fucking these bitches no cuffin these bitches no lovin these bitches they all for the smash 
 3-im allergic to cuffin these hoes 
 3-ok what's gucci my nigga what's gucci my nigga don't be cuffin these hoes u know they be choosing 
 3-i don't be cuffin' these hoes i just be bustin these hoes 
 3-i don't be cuffin these hoes 
 3-never cuffin these hoes 
 3-i be wondering how in the world these niggas be cuffin these 
 3-don't be cuffin these bitches you know they choosing! 
 3-yall keep cuffin these whores but 
 0-man y'all better start cuffin these white boys. 
 3-no cuffin these hoes no cuffin these 
 3-they might as well since they cuffin these hoes anyway 
 3-no cuffin these bitches, i trade em. 
 3-dont be cuffin these hoes. 
 3-i be cuffin these hoes, i don't be smashing these hoes. 
 1-cuffin these bitches yu niggas is cops 
 3-yall niggas be cuffin these ranned thru everybody fucking loose booty ass hoes 
 3-fuckin these bitches no cuffin these bitches no lovin these bitches they all for the smash 
 3-then why you cuffin these 
 3-cuffin these bitches you niggas is cops 
 3-fuck any bitch no cuffin these bitches 
 3-we be cuffin these bitches now that's something i cannot do she prolly tryna get you robbed to now god bless both yall achoo! 
 3-cuffin' these bitches u nias is cops. she suck me up... but i don't eat da box 
 3-fuckin' these bitches, no cuffin' these bitches no lovin' these bitches, they all for the smash 
 3-ion be cuffin these scoots, i just be smashin these scoots 
 3-we aint cuffin these hoes we aint the police!!!! 
 1- nigga's should start cuffin these women women should start being down for them 
 3-cuffin these bitches, you niggas is cops 
 0-paigons cuffin these thots word to mum bro thats un cool, got a bad b in the nizz she wanna let her hair down like rapunzel 
 3-why y'all cuffin these hoes man 
 3-i ain't be cuffin these hoes i just be fuckin these hoes 
 3-stop cuffin these hoes 
 1-these niggas be cuffin these hoes that be flip floppin but not the ones that been down for them since day one, 
 3-u cuffin these hoes u don't know no better 
 3-stop cuffin' these hoes in  
 3-i gotta stop cuffin these hoes rns 
 3-i ain't cuffin these hoes i neva eva been a cop 
 3-u be lookin like  stop cuffin these hoes 
 3-ion be cuffin these hoes i just be bussin these hoes. 
 3-we know these niggas cuffin these freak hoes 
 3-no cuffin these bitches, no lovin' these bitches they all for the smash 
 3-y'all niggas really be cuffin these run down whores me my team went thru them 
 1-when you don understand german, and think this is porn! brainless and dumb monkey mexican 
 3-dumb monkey 
 3-thanks for erasing my gamer score you incompetent illiterate dumb monkey fucks. fuck xb&gt;pshitty 
 3-on page  of  of eleanor park, by rainbow rowell: dumb monkey" 
 1-shut up you dumb monkey fucking nigger, you caused aids. 
 0-you gone be right on the back porch keep playing with me.. dumb monkey! 
 3-so he made a mistake over a dumb pageant and he's being called a dumb monkey? really? ignorant asses! 
 1-answering something wrong in a quiz, thats a mistake. read wrong a simple word when you had plenty of time, not. dumb monkey 
 3-they are laughing at you for being a dumb monkey and you must do everything in your power to not be that 
 0-humans are animals too you just think they're better u dumb monkey 
 3-yes it's all over. screenshots of so many people calling him a dumb monkey and nigger... 
 1-its called u dumb monkey 
 3-dumb monkey president continues military agitations against china 
 1-no it doesn't? you're ad because our genes provide us with better opportunities and more intelligent minds dumb monkey. 
 1-nobody pisses me the fuuuuuck off like jacobs ole dumb monkey head ass. 
 3-i doubt this dumb monkey has ever had a beer or a root or left his village preaches how to live. 
 1-dumb monkey president continues military agitations against china 
 1-holy shit you're one dumb monkey fucker. 
 1-i laughed. you always coming after ya dumb monkey ass bitch got one more fucking time to call me out my name 
 1-dumb monkey 
 0-dear collin, wake up, you dumb monkey. xoxo sarrah 
 1-keep smiling dumb monkey. this does no representation to the loudness of the bangs. making whole flat shake. 
 0-hey ai, keep on playing the blind, deaf dumb monkey when it comes to war crimes against kurds u hypocritical sneaks! 
 1-dumb monkey 
 0-go to sleep ape go to sleep you dumb monkey 
 3-get out of my way, you dumb monkey. 
 3-dumb monkey i thought u was gone get it 
 0-that dumb monkey scared the crap outta me and it'd be like hi i'm paul 
 3-dumb monkey 
 1-dumb nigger 
 3-vm advise is a dumb nigger who complains and oh reds is a dumbass. 
 1-irony dumb nigger baby 
 1-y'all need to chill about the mistake steve harvey made. calling that man a dumb nigger is uncalled for honestly fuck that pageant 
 1-shut the fuck up you dumb nigger 
 1-ur a dumb nigger. u never blocked me dumb kyke. ur an irrelevant e girl 
 1-fuck up dumb nigger 
 1-everybody worrying about and how steve harvey is a nigger", but not worrying about what happened to 
 1-no one asked you to reply you dumb nigger 
 1-get cancer you dumb nigger 
 1-dumb nigger never hear of the roman empire thick as pig shit 
 3-hahaha dumb nigger, you could drive a train through those nostrils. and those jigaboo lips 
 3-what did steve harvey do thats so bad? i honestly have no clue someone inform me. i see people calling him dumb nigger" everything 
 1-dumb nigger boy 
 3-niqs is a dumb nigger 
 3-fucking trash server with dumb nigger staff cant even ban hackers, i fucking died to a hacker who flew i had stuff worth k 
 1-get olws dumb nigger 
 3-dumb nigger 
 3-this age old me: shut up white boy white people: but if i called you a dumb nigger i'd be racist 
 1-you're a better reader/writer? end your racist slurs a nigger") with a period/exclamation point! 
 1-whitey: nigger,dumb nigger" me: actually graduated from high school two years early with a . gpa" whitey: dumb niggers" 
 3-what do you mean you said you didn't have pp dumb nigger 
 1-dumb nigger 
 1-got no friend let me try something else go look at buildings dumb nigger 
 1-chris rock is a dumb nigger. 
 3-you not dumb nigger 
 1-your probably a red neck uneducated micro penis idiot. you're getting schooled by a dumb nigger. i can see our difference now. 
 3-but she didnt like you back cause you're an ugly ass faggot that recolors packs dumb nigger 
 1-you two are fucking retarded and you both should commit suicide you dumb nigger fucks 
 3-white people call steve harvey a nigger" now switch it up black people call white t.v host a white racist or whatever. 
 1-dumb nigger  
 1-dumb nigger 
 3-they love pointing the finger at the dumb nigger is playing a character that don't fit him 
 1-dumb nigger 
 3-smfh this dumb nigger, w/ the hard r 
 1-im so good,the lolcows come to defend that dumb nigger cause he likes your shitty mass produced music?. 
 1-another dumb nigger 
 3-dumb nigger 
 1-you probably don't even have  smackers gtfo you're trash you dumb nigger 
 1-youre a dumb nigger 
 1-dumb nigger boy 
 1-just another dumb nigger 
 1-u dumb nigger u 
 1-dumb nigger 
 3-can we just say dumb nigger yet? he played the race card first! welcome to the outcome president idiot. 
 1-go the fuck back to africa, ya dumb nigger. we don't want you in our country. 
 1-so is one of many that called a dumb nigger but this guy happens to be a senior director at 
 3-the same mfers calling a dumb nigger is getting called a dumb 
 3-miss colonbia only won because they let a dumb nigger like announce it 
 3-called nigger" is a sr. dir  that's how your employees rep you 
 0-extraordinary is a choice we make each morning. nothing more than a decision we all have an equal opportunity to pursue. 
 0-funding is not an equal opportunity employer" here's why for qualitative researchers: 
 0-lmfao. im equal opportunity with wings. but drums easier to eat in transit. that alone is meritious. 
 0-equal opportunity hatred! 
 0-i'm an equal opportunity chopper sprayer 
 3-if so y not b an equal opportunity media whore rave ag catholics, jews, sikhs 
 0-customer research assistant cambridge staffing inc. cambridge, on: challenger is an equal 
 0-no, you're an equal opportunity hater 
 0-entry level electrical engineer: rs&amp;h, inc. an equal opportunity empl... 
 0-entry level electrical engineer: rs&amp;h, inc. an equal opportunity empl... 
 0-losing control over tools that once promised equal opportunity in speech and this has to stop" 
 0-i did not know they had equal opportunity laws back in the s 
 0-of us do not have equal talent, but all of us should have an equal opportunity to develop our talents." john f. kennedy 
 0-of us do not have equal talent, but all of us should have an equal opportunity to develop our talents." john f. kennedy 
 0-of us do not have equal talent, but all of us should have an equal opportunity to develop our talents." john f. kennedy 
 0-september's was a which helps provide equal opportunity for women around the world! 
 0-his....so self centered must change with godly powers i'm an equal opportunity man 
 0-go back to all non playoff teams having an equal opportunity 
 0-exam invigilator bognorregisjob description the school is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to... 
 0-is an equal opportunity destroyer" 
 0-equal opportunity isn't a reality yet and some people just don't realize that because they have every opportunity. case in point. 
 0-i understand wanting equal opportunity for everyone, but when it gets in the way of common sense, that's when there's an issue 
 0-foxnews is an equal opportunity employer of dimwits. 
 0-entry level electrical engineer: rs&amp;h, inc. an equal opportunity empl... 
 0-entry level electrical engineer: rs&amp;h, inc. an equal opportunity empl... 
 0-i hate them all, there clearly is not a decent one in the bunch. they are all equal opportunity racist, liars 
 0-nothing like being an equal opportunity employer. 
 0-i'll tweet happy birthday to your candidate of choice as well. i'm equal opportunity, i just need to know when. 
 0-everyone deserves an equal opportunity to serve our country 
 3-not gay. nor am i straight. i'm an equal opportunity you're all beautiful my language) so let me love you." 
 0-equal opportunity in incompetence 
 0-we certainly had fun with a certain portion of the fans, just like we do w/ a portion of u.s. fans. equal opportunity fun is all. 
 0-im an equal opportunity pooper. all races, creed and genders can poop in my bathroom. 
 0-don't discriminate at firm name. we're an equal opportunity establishment." cool, but i just want a christmas goodie bag 
 0-i think calling rakudai equal opportunity would be beyond generous 
 0-analytics internship: job requirements: we are an equal opportunity/affirma... 
 0-equally bad with either, equal opportunity, desu ne? 
 0-mexicans and muslims shouldn't feel so special, trump is an equal opportunity chauvinist. 
 0-everyone deserves equal opportunity for a good quality life. the rich are not better than everyone else are not more worthy. 
 0-not that i need or want full frontal nudity but i for sure there should be equal opportunity. 
 0-/ is parody, equality is equal opportunity 
 0-i'm an equal opportunity offender&gt; akbar soetoro aka bho is still a phony potus 
 0-just trying to be an equal opportunity employer 
 0-equal opportunity for everybody 
 0-i was wrong. the equal opportunity framework has reared it's head. i bet p/r will cure cancer and club foot next. 
 0-well at least they are equal opportunity thieves. rock and roll and native americans can feel comforted... 
 0-using a weapon to kill an animal who doesn't know you're after it is not a sport. a sport has to have equal opportunity to win. 
 0-ha, what harry neale referred to as equal opportunity player" was talking about ozolinsh at the time tho) 
 0-irrationality is an equal opportunity employer. 
 0-harrison county embraces equal opportunity for the holidays: 
 3-going for a fag and ignoring her isnt the same thing 
 3-love that movie. you're fucked up, you talk like a fag and your shits all retarded 
 1-words fag and dyke and the like thrown around like they're harmless? because they're not, they're the complete opposite 
 3-a fag and a loser or a fag loser? keep being a keyboard gangster with your th grade insults sittin in a basement in wilmette 
 1-you're a fag and you get no views skid get out of here 
 3-yes, but you don't get to mock people if they're called a and take offense. it's their choice. 
 3-just avin a fag and a cuppa with the mother whilst observing a police chase round the estate 
 0-brad's outside for a fag and texts me saying he's farted so loud and the neighbour was putting something in the bin 
 3-and its still $ 
 3-they called odell a fag and he got mad 
 3-nobody spazzes you fag and you gotta be on my level to insult me homo, get off my dick please 
 1-you still in the debt collection business? i gave a mate a fag and he won't return the favour! 
 3-callin him a fag and shit still not ok 
 3-when people say and on twitter you sound so incredibly stupid, oh and your future employers will love your homophobic posts 
 1-im a fag and i think this tweet is fucking gay and stupid ill say whatever tf i want 
 0-wish i was in barnham town right now getting a kebab,with a can of beer a classy fag and getting higher than a kite with all the 
 3-ayy lmao stop being a fag and let me know if you change your mind. i think cesar might go 
 1-he still a fag and retarded 
 1-wham! club tropicana in a winter wonderland?! having a fag and mulled cider! typically british! 
 1-stop spreading misinformation just cause ur a fag and cant reproduce 
 3-everyone above me is a fag and will get aids, or another butt cyst 
 3-i think he's telling us you look like a fag and no one can believe you're married to a female 
 3-attention boys in my school who use fag and gay as a derogatory term you arent cool you are assholes go fuck yourself thank you 
 3-awww poor odell beckham, the panthers called him a fag and told him he was a spoiled child. everyone should feel bad for odell 
 1-called that man a fag and everything lmao 
 3-best conversation with a drunk guy at the train station who asked for a fag and then debated why lemons should be illegal 
 3-happy birthday fag and i tried to go on your profile again and it told me to get off 
 3-some of yall might be ok with being called a fag and having a nigga step to you with a baseball bat, but some of us niggas aint. 
 3-i love being like that&lt; also i take the gay part in  ways, being a fag and being happy 
 3-if you a fag and u dress like girl please be a neat one cause these people i be seeing look a hot ass 
 1-you yourself are a fag and a diva!! you fuckin spineless pussy ass bitch!! go jump off a bridge you piece of garbage!!! 
 1-i've said way worse to people on the basketball court than you a fag and i'll end your career 
 3-stop being a fag and vote 
 0-mum: mick i havent even had a fag and cup of tea since i woke up please for goodness sake 
 1-so basically josh norman and another panthers player called obj a fag and said they were going to blow his knee out 
 3-i chipped my fag and i'm already regretting the awful smell 
 1-i hear dementia fag and his views. and its totally fucking retarded 
 1-been sat in this seat for  hours debating whether to roll a fag and brave the weather outside 
 1-this is dementia fags city. he got a whole bunch of cocks hes sucking. nothing but dementia fag and cocks hes sucking 
 3-trust it to be my friends that by the time i had a fag and come back down they've been kicked out ffs 
 3-josh norman called obj a fag and he got in his feelings cuz it's true 
 3-yeah i don't think so but i'm not a fag and do clans so haha peace 
 3-put out the fag and stick my cock in your mouth instead. much better to suck on. 
 0-fancy a fag and a chat? 
 3-i'm a and just wanted to say that god loves me for who i am no matter what lifestyle i live. 
 3-i'm half fag and i still love tiddy 
 1-this dude looks like a total fag, and i'm sure even gays would agree. 
 1-he's a fag and i don't fuck with that fufu lame shit. aids ass 
 3-they're called monster girls, fag and i wouldn't expect you to understand being a fag and all. 
 0-going to drink a glass of wine, enjoy a long fag and watch south park after this juicy bowl is ripped 
 3-feel bad for no getting dylan for a fag but it's too much effort to move 
 3-i need a pee and a fag but i'm obsessed with girls aloud otr 
 3-never talked to that fag but he blocked me lmao 
 3-you called my friend a fag" but you're mad when we call you fat smh 
 3-i think u met fag but shut up. he's an amazing person. if he loves a guy then he loves a guy big deal. fucku! 
 3-happy birthday big dog. your still a fag. but i love you. hope it's a good one! 
 0-sailing is the only sport you can be succesful at internationally while sat down drinking and having a fag, but saying that wine 
 3-im outside having a fag but i can't remember where it is 
 3-try my hardest to stop saying fag but it hard as fuck 
 3-wish i could retweet this fag... but i love you so 
 1-you're a fag... but i won't say it to you're face causeeee twitter is more productive 
 3-when ur mama yells at u for callin a fag but he can call me train tracks 
 3-harry just ate a fag but off the floor 
 1-lol yea he a fag but the song bumps 
 3-u are a retard loser. omg. stop. stop being a fucking loser fag but he cant he cant stop 
 0-is it bad that i've just had a fag but i want another one 
 3-thanks u still a fag but u made my night so ty ulit. 
 3-dying for a fag but there's no chance i can be arsed to go downstairs and listen to my dad give me shit 
 3-you're such a fag but i love you too 
 3-you may be a fag but brand new is the shit. fav album and top  songs? degausser tho 
 3-i told him you weren't a fag... but my dad doesn't listen to me much 
 3-no fag.. but they close at  
 3-you're a loser and a fag but i love you. i miss you and we need to hang out again and watch the stars again too. ft me soon loser 
 3-don't argue with him. he called me a fag, but is hiding behind an avi header that's not of him, lol. next. 
 3-lmfao idc ablht thag she said im homophobic and say fag but i say fag as in cigar 
 3-where is noah i need to call someone a fucking fag but nacho is too whiney 
 3-ur a fag but we should chill soon 
 3-nun fag but i hate punishment my phone been gone since novth 
 3-ian you sound like a fag but carti bodied that nigga 
 1-haha i'm the fag but you got kds dick all up in your mouth man lol dismiss myself from what nigga 
 3-fag, but you chill and uh text me 
 1-there's also a fag but you can give his story a reactionary interpretation easily. 
 3-but, i didn't say it wasn't lewd. 
 3-he's a fag but at least he's not a douche tbh 
 3-so it's cool for them to threaten him and call him a fag, but when he retaliated he was wrong? 
 1-but either way, ace hasn't tweeted a single damn thing. he just died and quit xd 
 3-not no fag but i been chilling 
 3-and ur a fag but i didn't say anything.. 
 3-i want a fag but i'm % sure there's a man living in the bush outside my house but he's only about at night. when the street lamps are off 
 3-you're such a fag but ya my fag lol i love you man nomatter what ya stuck with me big zaddy 
 3-lmaoo and your receiver still can't find out what a catch is. lol he's a fag but you fuck with greg? 
 3-ooooooooooooh thought u said each fag but still ain't no whole semester 
 1-i'd be heated if i didn't like anime and was losing to an anime fag but my pmr isn't doing too hot 
 3-miss u fag but u always nvr meet one 
 3-for a but? coming out for a fag but 
 3-can't sleep i need a fag but it's pissing it down. go me 
 0-dying for a fag but being too comfy in bed is a killer 
 3-young thug can be a fag but he keeps it 
 3-ever feel like you need a fag but then you remember you don't smoke? 
 1-i would say fag but that's not an insult to you 
 1-absolute faggot and russian shill sardo, tries to remain relevant by white knighting nina, never change mate 
 3-my sisters friend called me faggot and i was so ready to talk shit bout his uglyass 
 3-twistvh great fucking dude, you're a faggot and ily 
 3-obj needs butters to filter the hateful comments like players calling him a faggot and making fun of his hair 
 3-waited through fairytale of new york just to shout faggot and surprise as many people as could. 
 1-because you're a faggot and a squaker... 
 3-if you snipe in black ops  your a faggot and i fucking hate you 
 3-stop saying the word faggot and using the word gay as an insult k 
 3-taking italygg faggot and john kelly sperging at the same time. my patience is eternal but i'd have given up by now. 
 3-so, if i take pictures like a faggot and say pointless abstract things you'll give me attention? no thanks. i'm not desperate or seeking 
 1-read this comment, and sign the petition. the da is a sneaky little faggot and deserves the same thin... via change 
 1-when someone is yelling faggot and saying he is going to end your career was more the problem than the bat 
 1-madden call him a faggot and thats what set laettner off. when the fans got word of it thats when they started chanting 
 1-no he was bugging bc a bunch of dudes with bats called him a faggot and said im gonna end your career 
 1-still on this if you see this you a faggot and a h** go back to st via again 
 1-watched elf today, and when it got to him standing at a bridge i said faggot" and got kicked out 
 1-must be a great tf player. call him a faggot and say counter strike is better. they hate that 
 1-they know he's a faggot and prefers the company of whites. but skin color is all that matters to them. 
 3-ppl trash talk. that like me calling u faggot and u you travel to where i live and beat me up over tweets lol its stupid 
 1-seriously viva did you just censor fairytale of new york because of the words slut, faggot and arse? haha! 
 3-we all know he called him and that is an insult to a straight man 
 3-beckam lost his cool vs the panthers cuz they was calling him a faggot and rumors say he bi lol 
 3-so, i get itsomebody calls me a faggot and i get to take a running start and spear him with my helmet...#justwords grow up 
 1-no, i blocked you because i requested nicely that you stop acting like a faggot, and you refused. piss. 
 3-you act like a butt hurt little faggot and don't actually want to engage in a debate." 
 1-you a faggot and ya ol lady a magget 
 3-said he called odell a faggot and pointed a bat at him 
 3-bitch fuck you and fuck jesus the fake faggot and yhwh the pig!!!! 
 3-dude on the panthers called odell a faggot and that he was gonna end his career while toting a baseball bat..normal 
 3-someone in tera yelled at me for saying faggot and i was like thing im a fucking faggot with a boyfriend go kys" 
 3-jp stfu you dropped kills faggot and i had more hill time 
 3-if you're on the field someone calls you a faggot and says they'll end your career you'd freak out 
 3-you don't point it at other people call them a faggot and say im gonna end your career bro 
 3-haha see what i did there now your a faggot and a herb 
 3-your fucking gay ass faggot and your desperate you fucking cunt! 
 1-you're a faggot and so you is your son 
 1-u are in a freshman math faggot and plus ur a junior please boii 
 1-i wonder if lilli moore coffin that faggot and cory stubbs think their will continue in  
 1-shout out to the guys who called me a faggot" and to bum my boyfriend" and then head butted me because he thought i was gay. 
 3-obj did the right thing let a man call u a faggot and get away with it...especially because obj not ready to come out of the closet. 
 3-no kd is a cursed faggot and westbrick curry 
 3-long story short call obj a faggot and he'll never catch a ball again....a football anyway 
 3-sooooo josh norman called odell a faggot and that's why odell got that mad?!.....hmmmm interesting 
 1-lmao i knew josh norman was calling that nigga odell a faggot and shit, cus odell showed his real diva side 
 3-panthers were def calling odell a faggot and things of that nature 
 3-stop being a faggot and join the marine corps 
 3-does he look like a faggot and if he was its non of your concern he makes ppl smile that's all that matters u need to shut up 
 3-i am sorry i am a gay and faggot and homosexual i like gay girls that is all way i am girls crazy about it i am guys carzy 
 3-tell josh to stop being a faggot and give me more tweets 
 3-learn to know the difference between faggot and cool 
 3-ur bitch ass team ain't going no were with eb nigga, so fuck yo daddy faggot ass. nigga don't even upload shit 
 1-hiphop goes deeper than those faggot ass trends 
 3-sister appreciation post cuz i love you and wish it was the weekend, so i could see your faggot ass. 
 3-hate when females post sum faggot ass shxxt like niggas dont wanna see dat shxxt on our news feed bih 
 3-i am now sissy slave she owns my faggot ass 
 1-u tell me to explain about cook, yet ur faggot ass hates on kareem and jabrill but can't give any analysis. 
 1-faggot ass faggot lol 
 3-obj faggot ass making the nfl more boring 
 1-faggot ass niggas 
 1-get to see my brudda faggot ass jk 
 3-faggot shut up, she was the group. she had your faggot ass hiding in your room with a t shirt on your head singing 
 1-you're a faggot ass rapist motherfucker and i'll literally end you 
 3-faggot ass for a boosted bitch 
 3-no! i told you bring it not him ol faggot 
 1-ain't nothing bitter bout me you dick riding bitch ass nigga. you mad cause i exposed your faggot ass. 
 1-these faggot ass niggas really think they a female 
 3-bring your faggot ass back 
 3-you piece of shit. i stepped on dog puke last night cause your faggot ass was feeding that fag fries 
 3-faggot ass little bitch boy 
 1-faggot ass boy 
 3-faggot ass journalist from complex gonna go and call chris brown album a directionless mess. just say you don't like chris bro, it's obvious 
 1-someone track down this korean cake faggot ass 
 3-i'd be rich if uncle sam would take his faggot ass on somewhere! they tax me a check. fuckin bitches. 
 3-when i hear about youngsters i know joining military i just a say a prayer cuz of this faggot ass bitch. 
 1-nobody wants to write a fucking paper on banquo and his faggot ass friend macbeth 
 3-faggot ass nigga you said you had no cookie dough yesterday 
 3-white women cut themselves for a faggot ass canadian and you expect me to believe the majority of blacks cut too?? 
 1-i fucking hate my faggot ass brother 
 1-he swear he a blood but pronounced the c in bitch... man i'd kill this faggot ass dude bruh 
 1-we all know ur faggot ass wrote that. 
 1-fuck all u faggot ass fat ass niggers 
 3-tired of that faggot ass bitch his retarded ass lil hoe 
 1-lmfao yeah.. i'm ugly.. i'm sure you wanna suck my dick with your faggot ass 
 3-somebody get they faggot ass son man that aint cool idc what nobody say 
 3-i'm not naming my kitten after some faggot ass mostly obsolete school. 
 1-nah you rather the team go  so your faggot ass can bitch about jay and kirk for the whole offseason 
 1-i hate a faggot ass nigga 
 1-shit like this, fam.. smmfh can't stand these faggot ass niggas, bruh.. eye taught my sister how to kill these types 
 1-faggot ass midget bitch 
 3-shut your faggot ass up 
 1-fuck that faggot ass nigga white boy wasn't even bout it and he fucking with him 
 1-i'm praying the leave all these faggot ass dances in  please lord 
 1-a faggot bitch.. nat.. ugly.. not tuesdae doe." 
 1-faggot bitch 
 1-when nicks downstairs playin his game and all i hear is wtf you stupid fucking faggot bitch! i died a little lmao it was so unexpected 
 1-faggot bitch 
 1-faggot bitch 
 3-he's a real deal faggot bitch ass i need his hands 
 3-it's a joke you faggot bitch. lol 
 1-if you hate gay people you should get your ass beat you're a close minded faggot bitch kiss my feet 
 1-pride being defiant faggot russian clown scrub tatto off you faggot bitch getting shot in the forehead 
 3-why is everyone on twitter being a sad little faggot bitch tonight? jfc smh fam tbh 
 1-fuck that piece of shit seth rollins i hate you you little bitch asshole cock sucking faggot bitch fuck you seth your a bastard 
 1-gtfo habs fan faggot bitch you guys fucking suck 
 1-.) being a fucking faggot bitch getting offended easily anger management issues pressing your opinions into facts 
 1-hey hi, blowthony jobthano here, the internet's busiest cocksu c c ing faggot bitch 
 1-you still a faggot bitch 
 1-you should only have sex with a woman you faggot bitch it's adam and eve not adam and steve you messed up mother fucker 
 1-faggot bitch cunt ass motherfucker 
 1-shut the fuck up you inbred faggot bitch 
 1-fuck you spoderman you gay ass faggot bitch 
 1-musty pussy faggot bitch just tryna lick my sack for riches...mhm 
 3-hey can you do broncos country a favor and let cody wallace know he is a faggot bitch 
 1-i hate you you ugly faggot bitch piece of shit. 
 1-coolify commented: kill yourself you idiot stupid dumb retarded noob cunt worthless faggot bitch piece of pig's shit son of a dick suck 
 1-he's a faggot bitch but he's still day one 
 3-you a racist faggot bitch all that talkin goin to get your dumbass wacked trynna run for president dummie. 
 3-thanks faggot bitch love you too brotha 
 3-yo fuck u ugly ass bitch u better unban nvckiekane and schoolshooter ye right the fuck now faggot bitch 
 3-donald trump only in america, yak yak yak fuck you motherfucking dickbrained faggot bitch ass donald trump 
 3-you're such a faggot bitch 
 3-fat ass faggot bitch you need some weed and dick in your life 
 3-and i came at the brother with respect, he still called me everything from but he calling black women angry? 
 3-hm. for swear in jizz pussy faggot bitch ass asshole tubgirl; do grep tweets.csv wc done        
 1-there's a reason this faggot bitch got cut. bc he fucking sucks 
 1-lmao you don't remember that fake page that was made just for me you and jade she tried me. faggot bitch. 
 3-not all faggot bitch relationships are the same. at all!!! 
 1-occupied seat+ antichrist bopich souen fuck you retarded monkey lies sihamoni norodom why dont you show your right hand faggot bitch. 
 3-i said this little faggot bitch" cried, found my peace and a new nigga. he's still trying to get me 
 1-id tackle u then proceed to deadly tickling faggot bitch 
 3-i enjoyed the force awakens. it had alot of flaws. kylo ren was a whiny emo faggot bitch and a crappy villian. smoke sucked balls too. 
 1-your a faggot was getting naked on my bed and shit 
 1-josh norman you fucking faggot bitch 
 1-you are you fuckin faggot bitch obama will be reveal soon, then we will destroy everything you've done! 
 1-is a bitch. faggot, bitch nigga, bitch!!!!!!!!! ho ass nigga!!!! faggot bitch! 
 1-suck my dick bitch you spelled piece wrong cunt faggot bitch 
 3-when i told them that we didn't they called me a bitch" whaaaaat calm your  year old ass down 
 1-happy birthday faggot bitch 
 3-he's getting scared of people standing up for small fighters instead of him faggot bitch 
 1-some faggot bitch that cheer leads 
 3-i love you faggot bitch 
 1-who you calling a faggot bitch grow your followers like i grow my dick little bitch get the fuck outta here 
 1-niggas on twitter will call u a faggot for taking money from your girl. shit prolly weird to a lot of y'all 
 3-so i got called a faggot for the first time in public today.......by a group of  year old 
 3-lmaoooo odell cried cause they called him a faggot for dancing 
 3-my  year old neighbor just yelled at garrett and called him a faggot for no reason.... so 
 3-i wanna pay and be sissy faggot for you goddess please 
 3-you are a faggot for getting rid of it and i hope yo ug et riddled with piccolo 
 3-still can't believe a lawyer just called me a faggot for speaking up about 
 3-haters who called justin for years, now saying that his music has and it's good now, no you asshole it was always good 
 3-he a faggot for wasting all that food. 
 3-russell wilson a faggot for not fucking ciara yet.... talking all that church bs nigga everybody at the church fucking they just fakin 
 3-this nigga a faggot for this and his punches aint do shit to the girl 
 1-i, am a gay faggot for the love actually soundtrack and cry to that fucking songbird song every time now you all know the truth 
 1-if you could not be a faggot for like, ever. that'd be awesome. 
 1-ccb edward ng u r a fking faggot for bringing my hopes up 
 3-before heath ledger died everyone acted like he was a faggot for brokeback mountain, i guess bein the joker made him cooler 
 3-i remember when shittalky called a dude a faggot for going easy on him during a roastin session because his uncle died 
 1-cam a faggot for sapping that nigga. i can't be cool w a nigga beefin w my teammates 
 3-even though the guy was a faggot for harassing her friend, it still doesn't mean she was in the right either, which sucks overall 
 1-yea son is a faggot for that 
 3-g eazy is a fucking faggot for buying the bake sale beat 
 3-i'm a faggot for laura 
 3-does it make me a faggot for getting really happy about? 
 3-it's gay appreciation send this to your gayest for rich and a clean anus 
 1-brittany a faggot for real. 
 3-i'm fucked out of my mind and also a huge fuckin faggot for tweeting this 
 3-you're a faggot for this lmao i luh you doe 
 3-you're a faggot for this 
 1-ra'shad a faggot for searching his name 
 1-faggot for tripping him 
 3-i'm two tweets in and i've already been called a faggot for using the term 
 3-why did hannah walker's brother call louis a faggot for cheating on hannah with a guy 
 3-just got called a faggot for not liking star wars? 
 1-faggot for calling me cutie smh 
 3-need feminism because my dad keeps calling me a faggot for stealing my sister's cateye glasses" 
 3-a faggot for tweeting this gay shit 
 1-bruce banner still a faggot for what happened in age of ultron. black widow throwing the pussy at him and he decides to go into hiding 
 3-i blocked that faggot for posting a video of him smoking a cig complete faggot 
 3-so im a faggot for replying fast? that makes sense 
 3-i feel like a faggot for listening to this but who cares in the current year 
 1-omg your friend is such a faggot for banning people in tc earlier, seriously you don't need fuckheads like that in your life 
 3-a faggot for that 
 3-youre actually a fucking faggot for cutting lmfao 
 1-you're a faggot for blocking me and i've never even spoken to you dick head 
 3-you a faggot for tweeting another mans dick and y'all expect a nigga's dick when soft to be  inches? smh 
 1-does it genuinely make you happy or are you just a faggot for no reason 
 3-he's a faggot for being offended by that 
 3-if you could not be a faggot for like, ever. that'd be awesome. 
 3-this boy called me a faggot for not sending him nudes. nice 
 3-hahahahaha he adds  seconds for giroud being a faggot for about  and a half years 
 1-fuck u bitch read the rules fool you got to stop being a faggot for one whole year before u can donate jew 
 3-you said you were going to fucking change. i guess you're still a faggot smh smh 
 3-wapo hack laffs americans who worry about future. upset because u call hack smh. 
 3-people still use plus it's smh. 
 3-i won't take a roast from a nigga who shaves his arms like a faggot smh 
 1-he's your man you faggot smh. don't you know that's haram? 
 1-obj such a faggot smh 
 3-frank ocean never droppin that album cause yall kept callin him a faggot smh 
 3-this man gotta be a faggot, smh 
 1-what a faggot smh 
 3-bruh if you don't gtfoh what kinda faggot smh 
 3-odell gay he started that fight like a faggot smh 
 1-your really a faggot smh 
 3-why you sending me payments on different apps faggot smh 
 3-look at this faggot smh 
 1-that's when he finally got that anger out... he been should have done that... he was throwing bitch slaps like a faggot smh 
 3-lmaoo how you expose a girl like  weeks ago, but you lowkey a faggot. smh. 
 3-tommy is a faggot smh 
 3-nah faggot smh 
 1-fucking faggot.....smh at this cuntry 
 3-stop being such a s baby you faggot smh 
 3-if i told y'all i was shivering then y'all gon call me a faggot smh 
 3-i just had to explain to my mom why she cant say faggot smh 
 3-nah i got the hiccups i'm really a faggot smh 
 3-that playoff disappearing lightskin cheater stripper faggot smh 
 1-cant believe that nigga steven fernandez or switch god faggot smh these niggas deserve to get their assholes pushed in 
 3-say to say odell a faggot smh 
 3-cuz you laugh like a faggot smh 
 1-im scene not a faggot smh 
 3-what a faggot smh 
 1-god what a faggot smh 
 3-how that make me a faggot smh 
 1-you're a fucking faggot smh 
 1-faggot smh 
 3-yo son he's really a faggot smh 
 3-but realshit though, my neighbour is a snitching faggot. smh 
 1-you could be anything and you chose to be a fucking faggot, smh 
 3-nba suspended rondo for calling a nigga a faggot? smh 
 1-she looks like pepe u faggot smh 
 1-what a fucking faggot smh.. i can't believe u mod i had so much respect for u 
 3-crazy rondo had to fake apologize for calling a gay ref a faggot smh 
 3-this nigga comparing nigger to faggot..smh 
 3-calling him a faggot.. smh. this is in the public so anybody can get into it if they want. 
 1-wwe faggot smh 
 3-rajon rondo called a gay referee a faggot. smh 
 3-never knew i was such a faggot smh 
 3-i hate this world we live in. rondo getting suspended for saying faggot...smh. now let's see how long it takes someone to chew me out 
 3-he got suspended for calling an nba referee a faggot? smh 
 3-this girl fucked my eyebrows up i look like a faggot smh 
 3-everyone's going after rondo now, ref just happened to be a faggot, smh 
 3-all these mics and cameras on the courts nowadays, and none of them heard/caught rondo calling gay buddy a smh 
 3-are you the ladyboy fan club security guard? you gonna be the faggot that fights for kidney's honor? 
 1-ezam is a faggot that's all you need to know 
 3-aids bankruptcy faggot. that really broke my heart 
 1-exactly, any nigga that gets his eyebrows done arched is a faggot. that's final 
 1-bruce jenner a faggot that don't believe in gay marriage 
 1-all those times i said faggot that was really insensitive of me please bring me a hot bf and also anime titty 
 3-this is dumb but i'm so fucking mad i can't have the twitter i want.. the faggot that has it has been inactive for almost a year 
 3-connor you're a faggot that's all there is to say 
 3-i could keep going but i'm not. point is, he's a hypocritical faggot that looks like this emoji: half of the time 
 3-this is . you cannot say faggot. that is offensive to gay people everywhere. even tho they are fags, you cannot say that. 
 1-a fucking faggot that needs to die this instant 
 1-you and any other faggot that was in my mentions 
 1-fuck any faggot that does this and believes this 
 3-ps faggot that's what you get 
 1-imagine being that much of a faggot that you like mince pies 
 3-that lil faggot that raised them pills to each is living in hell he got fired from all his jobs.. 
 3-total faggot coward. who irrationally runs from foreigners like the unbearable faggot that he is 
 1-i am officially done now with you. you are just a  faggot that plays cod all day likes to lick vahns nuts 
 3-i hate the hoodphantom he's a spastic faggot that started clowning himself to fit in with his cod friends 
 3-if obj is gay panthers called him a faggot..that would explain why he went apeshit in that game. nigga probably blacked out 
 1-where? english girl you little faggot. that's a brilliant thought of you btw nak 
 1-me and gary read this tweet together and we both agreed you're still the same faggot that you were before oneonta 
 3-huge difference...calling someone that is in community using it as towards heterosexual. obj is reaching 
 1-isn't that the faggot that was self advertising on the livestream lol 
 3-who even was this faggot that you hacked? 
 3-think im offended by your shit bars, im a big man out here like a jam jar.. you're a faggot that is has a penis like a maggot 
 3-so lucky to have this faggot that i could talk to. 
 1-fear yk is actually a faggot that fool is is accessing triztrocity's lineups for free and bragging to him about it like what a tool 
 3-scumbag" maggot" cheap lazy faggot" that's when i know it's christmas 
 1-its a faggot that's fr sure! 
 1-well i do care,sorry you don't. i ain't gonna stoop to the level others have that call me nigger and faggot,that is beneath me. 
 1-luxray is the biggest faggot that xrays fucking play legit cunt and you are terrible. 
 3-deleting old pictures is making me hate the faggot that i am saw was but i haven't really changed) 
 1-this is the same faggot that posts mishimaappreciation threads every few weeks. 
 1-you're a faggot that still makes news on  year olds lmfao jokes on you old man. 
 3-but she didnt like you back cause you're an ugly ass faggot that recolors packs dumb nigger 
 1-damon is a grade a faggot that's it. 
 1-steviekomer: your grandma makes cookies like a faggot. that's yours 
 1-he's a lonely old wannabe cat lady faggot that has nothing better to do. 
 1-he is a faggot that's all i am going to say. 
 1-ur a fucking gay ass pussy faggot that deserves to be eaten by a half cobra half nigger 
 3-and he's crying about getting called a faggot, that doesn't bother someone who's straight so by deduction obj is gay 
 3-you sound like a giant faggot that should just oven himself. 
 3-pussy ass faggot that boy gonna smoke you 
 3-i read some complex accounting matters that suggested you got fired today, faggot. that true?? 
 3-hey joey the same millen who refused to move his family to detroit from pa? the same millen who called johnny morton a faggot? that guy? 
 1-motherfucker you are a faggot that was uncool you will go to jail or prison uncle larry will call the cops i would too 
 3-shut up kid ur a faggot that plays on ps would shit on u while both of his eyes are being poked with a fork 
 3-i can call you a faggot, that don't mean you gay dummy 
 1-just a little faggot that's all george 
 3-you guys are faggots and have no life's and u should just quit in life cause you can do anything so u hack 
 3-i thrive off winding up faggots and feminists on twitter 
 1-subtweeting faggots and some princesses that are  or  years old 
 1-neither you're both faggots and need to kill yourselves 
 1-no my country is ok take a look at yours royal air faggots and black and tans 
 3-that's because the world has turned into a bunch of over sensitive faggots and the media is trying to salvage 
 1-ok. as long as you remember that jesus also condemned faggots and abortion, and false prophets like muhammad i know) 
 1-you're all faggots. and that's coming from one. 
 3-hopefully there won't be all those sweaty faggots and i'm tryin to get these head clips almost had a nice on yesterday 
 3-s.a.d. seasonal affective disorder. happens to faggots and pussies 
 3-smash brothers is for faggots. and if you disagree, you're wrong. 
 3-on my way to the top you can have the fame cause the game filled with a bunch faggots and lames 
 3-i can guarantee reggie wasn't threatening cardinals and vikings players beforehand and calling them and such. 
 3-dick i'm not like all you gay faggots and only care about riding a big dick size don't 
 3-i'll still be able to break mothafuckin' table over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half 
 3-ugh, office politics. just whiny faggots and backstabbers. no thanks. 
 3-harsh on faggots homophobic) 
 1-when you want to tweet your feelings but then you remember twitter is for faggots. and feelings 
 3-i hate revolvers so much they for faggots and people from texas 
 3-i'm not out here calling people faggots and telling people to get aids. who are the real losers 
 1-faggots and their lists. lol 
 1- faggots and a guy i don't know 
 3-there's cute selfies, faggots, and underage penis on my tl. 
 1-yall niggas be undercover faggots and rats!!! 
 3-my verbal ak slay faggots and ion mean no disrespect whenever i say faggot, okay faggot? 
 3-this nigga screamed and went down the one way. give him all the cool points 
 3-does anyone know a place that will repair a hdmi port on a ps the faggots and best buy said they can't do it 
 3-idk if espn knows this.. but guys call either each other faggots and typically it's not cause we think the other is gay 
 3-no reason to call people faggots and queers but yet he still did it 
 1-y'all hoes love these faggots and trannies until ya catch ya nigga wit one!! 
 3-with no hesitation. the kindred fast ign) called bot lane faggots and to fuck themselves. i hope that you can please 
 3-me: let's introduce ourselves and say something about us my boss: my names jeff. i hate pussy whipped faggots and i love to fight 
 1-editors need to quit being faggots and take the fps cock 
 1-niggas faggots and i don't argue with those 
 1-u both r worthless fucking faggots and r ignorant af hmu if u r ever in ny thanks take the l 
 1-feminists and faggots and their bloodthirst for revisionist history 
 3-josh norman prolly was calling odell all types of bitches and faggots and it worlds lol 
 3-i was legit sitting in skype with zack yesterday doxing younow faggots, and scaring them shitless. 
 3-the next generation will be filled with faggots and 
 3-that cant be healthy.id get too fat. i just heard about faggots, and i want one. they sound like meatballs. 
 1-you criticise the faggots and your in for it! gaystapo rename it the pc sports personality of the year 
 1-the name gaygot happened just bc we always used faggots and gays to call each other 
 3-the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half. only realized it was ironic. i was signed to aftermath after the fact. how 
 3-lol he calls us some faggots and yet he plays with spinning tops as well. 
 1-two things i hate with passion. faggots and fakes 
 1-people are faggots and douches lol 
 3-you're fucking faggots and i love you all 
 3-faggots and star wars. damn 
 1-i plan to purge many of them from my follows next week. too many faggots and probable fbi informants. 
 3-i got added to two lists got called faggots and trannies ok, should i be offended? 
 3-college is for faggots.. like dead ass. niggas can't even do their job right. 
 3-canada is full of faggots like you 
 3-i'm pretty sure half the bitches around me date faggots like that 
 1-anglos are wimpy fags complaining that muslims and other savages are not peaceful faggots like themselves. 
 3-rushing to debunk practical effects" faggots like 
 3-i'm sharp witted and a quick thinker when i mock faggots like you. 
 3-these faggots like dick on they do, now you got ones who like ass but it aint too many of them 
 1-ugh i hate faggots like you. 
 3-no respect for any faggots like this. 
 1-thats what ultimate faggots like you get in life. ultimate faggotry like yours attracts hatred and ill will. fucking faggot 
 1-can hitler come back to life and kill all faggots like this 
 3-i noticed fifa  on your trophy list. why on earth did they buy fifa!? that's only for faggots like me 
 1-when u examine faggots like mlk jr and dubois.... talk about selected. these were not selfmade men.... 
 3-sick of pretentious faggots like you 
 1-your a whack ass twitter song writer who only has  followers. faggots like you who be on my dick don't know me kills me. 
 3-yo gil gotta chill just said like ten times in a row. 
 1-hes one of my fav players only faggots like doyle cry about a dirty hit what nfl player hasnt tried to land a dirty hit before 
 3-only faggots like this 
 1-the underground became lost when everybody decided the whole point was to become faggots like real celebrities are. 
 3-yeah i would like to rape like gambini! gimme a break whacko 
 1-a bunch of soundcloud faggots like follow me and it doesnt make any sense 
 0-niggas is faggots like really still playing in my face 
 3-i'm not scared of faggots like you. i strive to remove degeneracy like you from the world. fight me faggot 
 1-doing my bloodvelds task man i always deal with faggots like this 
 3-the russians are many things, but they're not pussy faggots like american liberals are. 
 3-celebrity's are the new gods and there followers are blind pagan faggots like chava 
 1-do the world a favour and just end it all. the world doesn't need  year old keyboard warrior faggots like you. 
 1-for pathetic cuntface faggots like you! 
 1-but i don't give hysterical faggots like you the time of day. 
 3-jnoubis are great people and all but you have some faggots like that khodr and mayyish bitch who make you guys look bad 
 1-i know she's on our side but you have faggots like khodr and his boys who like to spark shit 
 3-you're all wrong! it's faggots like you guys that make up bullshit lies! stop acting innocent 
 3-he sends the faggots like you into hiding at least 
 1-muslims are the muscle that faggots like are counting on to rape murder whites. 
 1-hahahahahaha faggots like these would certainly rot in hell. 
 1-i know way too many faggots like that lol 
 1-hopefully by  they also separate all the faggots like you from pakistan. alhumdulilah 
 3-gotta be as cold as dry ice with faggots like tony v 
 1-salahuddin seriously made faggots like you his bitch. now i'll make you my bitch. 
 1-because we laugh about faggots like you, who only have football twitter. without it you're nothing 
 3-bitch your gorilla fav is i'm sorry i don't listen to pretentious obese faggots like stefani 
 0-yo faggots like and subscribe to this video and my page now! 
 3-i don't start shit i am just in the mix cause attention seeking faggots like you start it 
 3-it past your bed time. no wonder no one reads that garbage on vice because faggots like you write shit 
 3-i have bruh n i'm still here i used to work in a pub dealt with faggots like you daily now what? back to jerkin.. 
 3-bruh, the empire were always the good guys. they weren't faggots like the jedi. 
 3-its like we get nice things and we cant use it because no life faggots like you are like lets be gay and shut down psn" 
 1-arm wrestling is for little faggots like you 
 1-good luck, don't get how someone be so dense, and the fact that people actually support faggots like that, fuck it. 
 3-and i curve the faggots like you 
 1-there are sj faggots who think nafedude is a kid. 
 1-running with lfg faggots who think they know everything 
 1-faggots who ain't come out the closet yet be like... 
 1-its impossible to do anything against faggots who fucking kill themselves every fucking time you hitmarker them. fuck them all 
 3-had to cop one of these for all you faggots who like to lie 
 3-am i one of those faggots who puts the same thing  both answers on a poll? 
 1-all faggots who set dis off but its 
 1-and ppl actually think lovren is better. some reds change their opinions game by game. faggots who never go to the game 
 3-the same faggots who think wwe takes actual skill and is a sport are the same ppl who believe in the tooth fairy 
 3-fuck what ppls say some of these lames will always be faggots who want us to fuck them and because we don't they talk shit 
 1-this is why donald trump is leading the polls. war on political correct faggots who hide behind lawyers, hr cunts or employment equity. 
 1-gay faggots who depend on him to draw their shit waifu hentai 
 1-no u associate urself with anime faggots who feel powerful over other teenage nerds 
 1-wow reading ur timeline ur one of those right winged faggots who type in caps ur so cool u cunt go die 
 1-i hate all of you faggots who livetweet wwe you cunts 
 3-all these news media faggots who never got picked  play on anybodys team growing up want obj suspended cause he played aggressive yesterday 
 3-lol at faggots who ignore you 
 3-faggots who don't actually care about the desires of the people who voted them into office. party." 
 1-of course there were some  year old faggots who kept talking throughout the movie... i guess that should be expected sigh... 
 1-those who criticize me for banging my sister are just fat faggots who never leave their houses. dont judge me. my sister is hot. 
 1-most of u twitter faggots who suck kanye balls / 
 1-the faggots who are excusing/defending pia bareback are the same faggots who were crying for jennifer laude's murder some months ago amazing 
 3-cause there faggots who are gonna get ddosed back soon if they don't stop 
 1-never plan on losing your own personal wars, no respect for them faggots who enforce there laws. 
 1-being a sheep... faggots who have made my : 
 3-my brother goes to you guys are obnoxious faggots who stand around and do fuck all. you shit up the campus. 
 1-may have failed, but at least it existed to do the right thing. unlike those regressive faggots who made the movie. 
 3-maybe one day i will look damn cute and all the stupid chinese faggots who reject me want me then say isn't an issue" haha fuck off 
 3-fml i feel like unfollowing all these faggots who spoils star wars 
 1-i love jesus i love jesus i hate faggots i love jesus i hate faggots who do you hate? dirty fucking faggots! 
 1-the demographic that these teams try to appeal to is a bunch of  year old brainwashed faze faggots who actually enjoy that 
 1-speaking of selfhating faggots who aren't funny, did you respond to chu's tweet yet? 
 3-i am doing me that's why i don't care about faggots who say i try to hard on the internet lmaoooo 
 1-i hate faggots who tryhard to kill last 
 3-traps are faggots who will try to take dis crackas kfc! 
 1-a beautiful day with hannah and brodie. death to the faggots who try to prevent days like these 
 3-i kind of feel sorry for those faggots who play in santa damn they suck!!! 
 1-why are american comedies full of whiney faggots who just talk fast and shout? 
 1-oh god, it's those edgy teenagers or fat fedora wearing faggots who think communism will save the world. 
 3-all faggots who will try to pop off!!!!!! 
 1-some days i just don't wanna use the op guns in bo then faggots who use those guns get streaks on my teammates and i'm forced to use 
 1-lol at all you faggots who are bandwaggoning star wars 
 1-those gay dudes who expose better yet imma say faggots who expose are weak as fuck, they just want some glo on social media 
 1-mmmmm i wonder what happened to those faggots who kept on counting their pages on the first few weeks of  
 1-when someone messages me just to ask why my friends are whiny faggots who can't take what they wanted me to do 
 3-if any of you faggots who were too scared to play fancy yourselves at drinking instead we'll be in the colliery from  
 3-will never understand faggots who watch straight porn. 
 1-its only faggots who sleep 
 1-who wouldn't want that 
 1-white peoples are disgusting faggots who think they are a superior race 
 3-fags are our friends 
 1-just found out that you fags are already working on trying to revoke my bail.. i will not go quietly and will take quite a few of you wit me 
 1-are pvp fags the most cancerous thing that happened to the souls series? yeah lore fags are cancerouse too but 
 3-see....he's obsessed with me and my love life, like fags are, it's kinda sad and pathetic 
 3-don't play s some fags are booting for and lag switching the host 
 3-a slab nd a sleeve of fags are my only friends for d night i am in serious need of a gattin buddy it's breakin my poor little heart 
 3-you fags are lightweight 
 1-ok, i'm done... in , what a fucking hypocrite. not the boogie man, fags are'' 
 1-u damn circus fags are funny 
 1-an america where kikes and fags are routinely bullycided? count me in. 
 1-red pill fags are gay too 
 1-pua fags are the worst 
 3-everyone gets told fags are bad and to give up. then they replace the fags with fat filled food and be just as unhealthy. 
 3-which fags are getting down and tributing xmas presents! prove urself that u wanna be owned hey look at: 
 3-tryna get a set in but all these fags are squatting. like bitch let me 
 1-fags are worse than fucking bitches i swear 
 1-fags are fags 
 3-these fags are loud and bitchy to the point they undermine their own position lol 
 1-the females,who get set up by fags,are traumatized not to talk to me are conned by the male follower who pretend to back me up. 
 0-birds asking for spare fags are the roughest 
 3- year olds smoking fags are you for real 
 3-laughing how pathetic u fags are! keep worshipping your master! 
 3-the fda is out here trying to get my gay blood? don't they know us fags are selfish and want to watch the world burn? 
 1-i don't like hate i could get beat up or killed fags are indirect showboaters never win 
 3-someone just said are gay" on my facebook and 
 1-i could argue that all day. you british fags are just mad usa made it farther than you bahahaha 
 3-fags are so messy... lmmfao boi i tell you what's the real reason you texting me you mad one of yo thots wanna phonebone me 
 3-.% annual inflation, so not rampant! although booze and fags are up .%, yikes, might be a teetotal holiday... 
 3-the young' are even a problem for isis' recruiting. 
 3-scooter kids and swag fags are what makes my life not worth living 
 1-all these new year posts about change. shut the fuck up you hoes are still gonna be hoes and you fags are still gonna be fags 
 1-seriously. faggets are a real thing. dementia is a real thing. dementia fags are a real thing 
 3-fags are fags, not faggots. 
 3-is that the guy that was calling obj fag through out the game? damn.. those fags are vengeful.. 
 1-oh man. i said i wouldn't fuck with ppl irl anymore. but these fags are asking for it. decisions, decisions. lol 
 1-you are nothing but that my it proves it in these videos and mp's 
 3-you should come get some christmas cheer at tin roof. the space fags are very festive. 
 1-fags are a pain in the ass. 
 3-we fags are lucky 
 3-did i overlook the part in the preamble that said men except fags are equal"? god created all, the heavens and the earth 
 3-those uk fags are a bunch of paper champs. don't change the subject, jihadi john. 
 3-humiliationverbale: never forget they rule, we fags are available to their sadistic pleasure 
 3-bevvy and fags are bae 
 0-usa fags are the best. political correctness runs rampant, these losers love being abused and put back at bottom of the barrel 
 1-yes thos aftershock fags are all runabouts 
 3-fags are so fucking dramatic g wtf 
 1-you fags are complete garbage your whole team is cheating! your guys pushed and fought and no fouls!!!! you panther are all fags!! 
 3-at brunch. with a lot of gays. fags are a hoot. 
 3-is real you idiots they even have a twitter fags are bashing to steal shares even is buying 
 3-blazblue soon? also got open house tomorrow daytime if you fags are free for local 
 3-who the fuck do they think they are 
 3-i was talking to my brother like bryan, bryan!" then he turned around and said the fuck do you want bro!?" 
 3-how the fuck do people draw lipstick 
 3-haha why the fuck do meter maids wear helmets?? 
 3-how the fuck do some of yall do it to move on so quickly? 
 3-i want to love dogs but its like how the fuck do i communicate with you im a cat person 
 3-how the fuck do i always get ash in my eye 
 3-lol who the fuck do you think you're talking to? telling me 
 3-how the fuck do people narrow this down to like  
 3-on rhe phone and u dont help" what the fuck do u want me to do??? 
 3-why the fuck do i currently have the diet of a uni student 
 3-andy what the fuck do you do everyday omfg 
 3-why the fuck do people go and make shit up trying to ruin everything 
 3-quick question, for those of you that live in the nyc area..... how the fuck do you afford to stay there? lmao 
 3-but, i'm just a mountain girl from maine. what the fuck do i know? 
 3-how the fuck do people learn to speak droid in this universe 
 3-i swear who the fuck do i follow? 
 3-i sat up for the first time tgis morning and was like the fuck?! do i really look this bad?!" 
 3-how the fuck do you get a zero on a final 
 3-me with no money: i want everything... me with money: what the fuck do i buy 
 3-i can't stand liars because how the fuck do i know when you're telling the truth? 
 3-how the fuck do you misspell kylie 
 3-how the fuck do you eat shit that bad and get up and go for it again, skateboarding amazes me 
 3-fuck do you know bout my pain nadaaaaaa!!! 
 3-fuck do i miss you so much. wish i could see you when you come home. 
 3-how the fuck do you not see a imessage that you read!!!??? 
 3-i'm sorry but how the fuck do so many people wait until this week to do christmas shopping? do that's shit early and you can get people more 
 3-i mean if someone is trying to make a point by coming at me with the fuck do you think you are?" their point of moot. 
 3-how and why the fuck do you beat someone over something they cannot control... and why was there like  niggas in the room vid) lol 
 3-why the fuck do i get myself into these situations 
 3-who the fuck do you think you are??? 
 3-why the fuck do i even rant about this i ain't gonna change shit 
 3-how the fuck do you go from like  followers to  in  weeks how 
 3-where the fuck do we live bruh?! 
 3-what do you mean what the fuck do you mean 
 3-how the fuck do u even stop loving someone 
 3-how the fuck do i manage to lose weight so 
 1-what the fuck do you want pig. 
 3-what the fuck do you think i would do 
 3-how the fuck do you know if luke creeps or not though 
 3-kierstan surprised me and knocked on my door this morning and i just opened it saying the fuck do you want" 
 3-why the fuck do u always do this to me? i'm doing good, i'm not thinking about ur dumbass and aoas for the millionth time u wanna come back. 
 3-mabye you should stop accusing us of bullying? i mean, where the fuck do you get the right? 
 3-beck is a musical genius what the fuck do u mean 
 3-what the fuck do i do 
 3-have any change, rach?" fuck do these coins mean?!" i left a tip in canadian to someone in manchester today because fuck it. 
 3-how the fuck do people cope with this feeling???? 
 3-how the fuck do you not see a big ass red truck 
 3-why in the fuck do duvet covers cost more than a small car 
 3-i'm actually dead why the fuck do i take the kim k game so seriously 
 3-dude...he could care less you dumb fuckin faggot! lol 
 1-ass pizza is a fuckin faggot, cash carti punked his bitch ass 
 3-why do my parents get so mad at for sleepin until . like oh yeah dad am i really useless? lmao fuckin faggot should make me breakfast now 
 1-fuckin faggot 
 1-are you gonna call my mommy on me?....fuckin' faggot. 
 1-he's a fuckin faggot huh 
 3-die hardzzz lol fuckin faggot!!! 
 3-kys fuckin faggot 
 3-gerrard called me a fuckin faggot 
 3-does anybody want me to post the dms this fuckin faggot sent me? this insecure bitch thought i was tryna get at his girl 
 1-this is the gayest picture i've ever seen in my life ur a fuckin faggot i better not catch u slippin punk ass bitch 
 3-hahaha what a fuckin faggot 
 1-fuckin faggot david johnson beat me by himself 
 1-you get zero cool points for this nigga you fuckin faggot fight your own battles 
 1-what are you a fuckin' faggot? 
 1-fuckin faggot suck my dick nice photo b) 
 3-stfu boy text me fuckin faggot 
 3-u a fuckin faggot niggq 
 1-fuckin faggot 
 3-stop revving ur engine ur a fuckin faggot 
 1-even tho i was a fuckin faggot 
 3-what are you a fuckin' faggot? filthy frank: hair cake 
 3-somebody please tell this fuckin faggot to switch of the ac!! 
 3-fuckin faggot 
 1-if mexico deesnt hand over the corpse of el chapo soon we're gonna burn it to the ground! fuck epn too! fuckin faggot! 
 3-i'm fucked out of my mind and also a huge fuckin faggot for tweeting this 
 3-fuckin faggot 
 1-wtf is wrong wit dese fuckin faggot ass rappers these days mannnn 
 3-love you" well you're a fuckin faggot" jessica 
 1-you fuckin' faggot i'm coming to your shows 
 3-then keep seeing black suns, fuckin faggot 
 1-fuckin faggot 
 1-in a all pink fit lookin like a fuckin faggot who the fuck you think you fuckin with nigga 
 1-what're you a fuckin' faggot? 
 3-she said keep bitches tails waggin, shout out to nico he a fuckin faggot" 
 1-how old are you you fuckin faggot 
 3-you look like a fuckin faggot!!!! 
 1-sorry would you like me to quote you? fuckin faggot 
 1-fuckin faggot add bitch ass punk ass pussy. i'll cap you 
 1-old man in giraffe costume on stilts: i was the first furry you fuckin faggot kids 
 3-ask your mum who hut" is on her phone and you'll understand its me you fuckin faggot 
 3-you dont want boys? what're you a fuckin faggot? 
 3-cuz he's a fuckin faggot 
 3-fuckin faggot 
 1-what are u a fuckin faggot? 
 3-if u bite the fork u a fuckin faggot. 
 3-it's a run down mid size sedan, you fuckin faggot 
 3-tbh you a fuckin faggot folk knock the rap shit off go into bein a crash dummy 
 3-fuckin faggot 
 3-this fuckin faggot toure had to score 
 3-mcjuggernuggets is a fucking faggot 
 1-this is i'm a fucking faggot. thanks. 
 1-fuck you gilli you stupid fucking faggot i'm superior to you because im in a higher team 
 1-supra is a fucking faggot 
 1-i don't fucking care, i didn't ask for your shitty opinion. kill yourself fucking faggot. 
 3-you're a fucking faggot starting shit for no reason 
 3-go fuck your wallet full of spaghetti fucking faggot 
 3-yourselt you stupid fucking faggot" the fuck was that for?" it's just banter bro" 
 1-id scam you too you're a fucking faggot 
 1-you're a fucking faggot 
 3-how are you gonna call anyone a dike when you're a fucking faggot? please take multiple days sweetie 
 3-ikr what a fucking faggot 
 3-shut up you fucking faggot. 
 3-then open israel you fucking faggot. get that diversity right now. 
 3-be friendly/polite and people will call you a faggot". be quiet and youll be called i actually dont know what the fuck. 
 1-shut up u fucking faggot dnt lie and say u ain gay cus remember i got that telegram u sent me 
 1-i can't bother to explain you fucking faggot 
 3-you fucking faggot i miss you 
 1-im danish you fucking faggot 
 3-what are you gay? what are you fucking faggot? fucking scared, huh faggot? 
 1-you are a fucking faggot bruh 
 1-happens everytime retard get friends fucking faggot go suck some more knowners 
 1-you're a fucking faggot kys retard 
 3-ah how nice of someone to drive by me while i'm recording a video and yelling at me fucking faggot. so nice of them please kill yourself 
 1-no wonder you were bullied... fucking faggot, kys. 
 3-this kids weak as fuck. he couldn't even hack into his own personality and make friends fucking faggot lol. go back to hf 
 1-just another ignorant racist homophobic republican" fucking faggot our age. 
 0-ur a fucking faggot 
 1-a fucking faggot that needs to die this instant 
 1-i just want you to know that you're a fucking faggot 
 3-look at this fucking faggot 
 1-u fucking faggot 
 1-fucking faggot sexual) 
 1-remember when you weren't such a fucking faggot ahh good times, good times 
 1-fucking faggot 
 1-you fucking faggot fuck you 
 3-what a fucking faggot 
 1-i want this to end already, stop being depressed me you fucking faggot 
 3-what a fucking faggot 
 1-oh hahaha you get every night, you phony fucking faggot! 
 1-ur? what ur? ur nice? ur handsome? ur a great big fucking faggot? 
 3-shut up you fucking faggot ive had enough of you 
 1-you're such a fucking faggot 
 1-fuck you nigger dont you fucking what me i swear to fucking god ill have you destroyed by me and my fucking boys you fucking faggot 
 3-i have a masterball you fucking faggot 
 3-look at all that dick!!!!! lucky fucking faggot!!!!! 
 1-fucking faggot 
 1-that kid is a fucking faggot 
 3-what a fucking faggot 
 1-and your a fucking faggot 
 1-they are not fucking gay you fucking crazy ass bitches!!! 
 3-that's a lil fucking gay 
 3-fucking gay. 
 3-this ugly son of a bitch is watching osomatsusan and basically you're fucking gay 
 1-nydylla: tell him that if he doesn't watch it he's fucking gay 
 3-according to beaverton's local methhead movie theater mom, our lack of public outlets is fucking gay i could cry" 
 3-not gonna lie this is pretty fucking gay. a hellcat with a dog" decal. nice. hell dog? 
 3-this is fucking gay 
 3-soviet is fucking gay 
 3-wars spoilers] poe literally gave finn a fuckin identity like thats. that's. i'm fucking gay 
 1-ur fucking gay 
 1-they were basically raising cass together like come on it was so fucking gay 
 1-being single is fucking gay 
 1-idk what games james played on it. if it played mario, thats fucking gay. i was little 
 3-why do people delete stuff like howwwww fucking gay and self conscious are you?! own what you post 
 3-y? that's soo fucking gay 
 1-i love so much? im fucking gay 
 3-that shit is not fucking funny it's very fucking gay 
 3-when you're fucking gay your date sends you his sweater you're fucking gay 
 1-that tweet was fucking gay 
 3-i just look fucking gay 
 3-i'm a homosexual" transgender there is a difference!!" bitch i know how fucking gay i am stfu 
 3-liz gillies is one of those women that made me realize just how fucking gay i am 
 1-your fucking gay my nigga. stop tweeting me 
 3-wish i could say the same but you were a fucking gay lmao but seriously, i feel the same man. 
 3-it's  and ben doesn't wank off to traps, what is he fucking gay 
 3-you're fucking gay 
 3-i'm not fucking gay!!!!!!! 
 1-so fucking gay 
 3-it's fucking gay 
 3-wow this town never fails to show me how fucking gay it 
 3-someone in love fucking gay 
 3-i'm not fucking gay 
 3-been back from the army for a couple days and no one still hmu. this is fucking gay here 
 3-damn, i'm really fucking gay. 
 1-hoy shit im not gay im not gay wtf im not fucking gay ill be meeting my hot ass girlfriend not u ugly lmfao 
 3-shes fucking gay 
 1-yall hate women but love pussy... please just come out the closet already you are fucking gay 
 3-tony from earthbound confirmed to be fucking gay, america in outrage 
 3-toz is so fucking gay(?????) im watching gameplay, but 
 1-lrt i'm fucking... gay 
 3-nigga clicked on my dp then said hi...that's fucking gay 
 1-you're fucking gay 
 3-parallel parking is fucking gay 
 3-i'm so fucking gay 
 3-pretty fucking gay tbh 
 3-no. it's fucking gay bro 
 3-bc meijer is fucking gay lol 
 3-this is so fucking gay. 
 3-your fucking gay lmao 
 3-. it's tampa, not ny. . they fucking hate you. 
 3-fucking hate twitter lololo 
 3-i fucking hate this holiday 
 3-i fucking hate going into town because of exactly what just happened to me... seeing too many ppl i know and the last person i wanted to see 
 3-i fucking hate when i'm scheduled to get off at a certain time i don't! 
 3-i fucking hate christmas. 
 3-i fucking hate my sister 
 1-someone anyone pllssss if u live in phx az and know anywhere that is hiring let this nigga know i fucking hate my job 
 3-i fucking hate you!! 
 3-the walking dead causes me so much stress i fucking hate all the characters that aren't the original i'm crying 
 3-i literally fucking hate the mall at these times so much 
 3-i fucking hate seeing and hearing my sister like this. this breaks my heart so much. 
 3-dunno what it is but i fucking hate terry jenkins so much 
 3-i was emulating it but i fucking hate doing that 
 3-i fucking hate you. 
 3-i fucking hate people who loves pretending to be smart lmao 
 1-speaking as a devil" i fucking hate this 
 3-fucking hate awkward 
 1-i fucking hate people tbfh 
 1-i fucking hate tara's fake ass....she swear she's so classy but act like a gutter butt over peter. 
 3-i fucking hate liars 
 3-also, i fucking hate guns 
 3-things i literally fucking hate: driving like an idiot for no reason, it's annoying as fuck. 
 0-i fucking hate how badly xan plugs suck lmfao like seriously 
 1-fucking hate liars. 
 3-i fucking hate u sdea 
 3-i fucking hate u 
 3-really fucking hate people 
 3-i fucking hate texting, i quit. 
 3-i fucking hate fifa so much 
 3-i fucking hate bras 
 3-lol, i fucking hate the mall 
 3-yeah i fucking hate my little sister hahahahahahha 
 3-fucking hate windows... this fucking recovery error is pissing me off so much. 
 3-i fucking hate my daddy's side of the family they always got something to fucking say!!! 
 3-i fucking hate how i get attached to temporary people 
 3-i fucking hate myself 
 0-i fucking hate people seeing me cry...especially when it's the whole winterguard team. 
 3-wow there really isnt a gatsby fic i fucking hate everyone 
 3-i fucking hate the look people give you when you ask them to call you something different 
 3-these days. i don't allow visitors and i fucking hate television. 
 3-i really fucking hate math i had to rule out my curiosity for architecture. 
 3-i fucking hate going to stores with 
 3-fucking hate horses 
 3-i fucking hate being rudely awakened. 
 3-i fucking hate it when people disturb my sleep ughh im so pissed 
 1-i fucking hate 
 3-it all went so well until i opened my mouth... i fucking hate myself 
 3-i'm just gonna straight up say it i fucking hate he is destroying any kind of progress kentucky has made 
 3-i feel so useless and alone and i fucking hate my profile picture i'm changing it 
 1-thanks for not asking me you fucking nigger dick 
 1-you stupid fucking nigger did you even look past my profile and see who i'm following? 
 3-faze niqs. the man. the myth. the fucking nigger 
 1-after you drink water you gotta buy that  rack you said youd buy ya fucking nigger 
 1-imagine supporting bolton you fucking nigger 
 3-you're a fucking nigger. earn some respect for females. 
 3-my bad i just got done getting a haircut and twitter wouldnt load skype right now u fucking nigger pussy 
 3-austin you fucking nigger haha 
 1-everyone type in the chat that alex is a stupid fucking nigger! 
 1-hate you so much! fucking nigger!" are miss philippines muthafucka? i don't like steve harvey but this... 
 1-this lesbian dumb fucking nigger bitch 
 1-haha got it fucking nigger 
 3-fucking nigger i would have paid for everything saturday even the uber rides but no ur a fucking potatoe 
 1-tell this to that billionaore son of a bitch. go sack that fucking nigger on chelsea board. michael emenalo son of a bitch 
 1-fucking nigger 
 1-you are a fucking nigger 
 1-hi, fucking nigger!! will your monkeysexwife michelle lick my dirty white ass? 
 1-typical fucking nigger. and by nigger i mean black person. and by black person i mean nigger. 
 1-klin is a fucking nigger 
 1-fucking nigger man 
 3-i liked a video from give me money you fucking nigger 
 3-nice response fucking nigger 
 1-alex is a fucking nigger 
 1-indy_style if you're reading this you're a fucking nigger 
 1-stop stealing from gas stations you fucking nigger 
 1-sum things up, i'm a fucking nigger" is how i imagine his article 
 1-nigger" then a couple people's 
 3-holy fucking nigger 
 1-why does that fucking nigger meme posting nonce advocate think bipolar is an insult? the voices say he must die 
 1-fucking nigger me up the asshole with a hotrod,nigga. 
 1-my dog needs to sleep still fucking nigger 
 1-bitch fucking nigger.... 
 1-jerz unfollowed what a nigger 
 1-you make your country, so proud when you call a nigger!!!" 
 1-calling a nigger" does not make you a better reader. end statements with punctuation! 
 3-look man i can take all the insults you can think of but don't call me a fucking nigger please 
 1-fucking nigger 
 1-dingo the fucking nigger 
 3-recommend it you fucking nigger and put it on top of the list or else 
 3-pranked we banned that fucking nigger 
 1-was banned for  second from the server by u nigga, u didnt even talk u lil fucking nigger jew) 
 1-l m a o was banned for  second from the server by u nigga, u didnt even talk u lil fucking nigger jew) 
 3-shut the fuck up you dirty fucking nigger im still me 
 3-fucking nigger pit 
 3-are u stupid u fucking nigger baby faggot 
 1-delete this you fucking nigger 
 1-shut up you dumb monkey fucking nigger, you caused aids. 
 3-why do you remove the goalie you dumb fuck therrien fucking nigger im so done with your shit you fucking hairless cunt 
 1-fucking nigger 
 1-lmaoo fucking nigger 
 3-if christmas comes but once a year, then why are you so fucking queer? 
 3-don't ask me why i'm wearing a scarf you fucking queer 
 3-send me ur address u fucking queer 
 3-oh i wish that'll happen. such a fucking queer. 
 1-listen cock lord go walk that fucking queer dog of yours or something 
 3-happy bday you fucking queer bet we dont remember a thing from tonight when we wake up tomorrow lol 
 1-we are here and fucking queer. so you better get used to those mama' and echoing trough your straight head. 
 1-what a fucking queer 
 3-you're the biggest fucking queer i've ever met in my fucking life 
 1-go eat a pound of autism fucking queer 
 3-fucking queer 
 1-i work for a living i don't suck cock and take it on the ass like you, you fucking queer 
 1-make my pack fucking queer 
 3-i just felt like my life was going really well and then kylo ren took his mask off and cried like a fucking queer. 
 1-ur a fucking queer 
 1-fucking queer 
 1-who are you ya fucking queer actually fight me 
 3-you are such a fucking queer 
 3-lol fucking queer 
 3-church and i don't get along for  i sin for  i'm fucking queer 
 3-this song is fucking queer 
 3-acting like a fucking queer. 
 1-i'm for real about to beat the fuck out of this geeky little fucking queer 
 1-change your fucking queer my nigga needs it 
 3-if his name starts with an n hes a fucking queer 
 3-fucking queer wtf is this 
 3-wow i am so blown away what a fucking queer lmao 
 3-your such a fucking queer but i love you, your number  fan me deadpool 
 1-i'm not going to hit you up i'm not a faggot, fucking queer 
 1-pm] matty: black people are nice people pm] matty: but cam newton is a fucking queer 
 1-you're such a fucking queer holy fuck 
 3-what do you want you fucking queer pervert on steroids mike embley to kill everyone in 
 3-cut deeper you fucking queer 
 3-looooool it was an accident you fucking queer! 
 3-ur a fucking queer 
 3-your just mad you don't have girl, fucking queer your probably gay 
 3-dm you fucking queer member me shadow on ps i need to talk to you!!! 
 1-ikr same ihy so much u fucking queer 
 3-bc it's fucking queer 
 3-y'know, gov, i might be the gayest man alive, but you, are fucking queer! 
 1-what a fucking queer 
 3-god you're a fucking queer 
 3-no you fucking queer outside. 
 1-youre a fucking queer 
 3-go watch tennis u fucking queer 
 3-jk you fucking queer. 
 1-lol that's because u grew up a pussy, stfu this is a mans sport u fucking queer 
 1-stroll up the orme fucking queer bastard 
 1-fuck odell he deserved the  game suspension. fucking queer 
 1-hahahahahahaha i hope seshes and that get put it in this you fucking queer 
 3-i heard you called him a gay ass major payne tho 
 3-get me some gay ass gucci shit" 
 3-she told me not to worry about shit she got me if i got her. 
 3-shut your gay ass up simon! 
 0-our plans for new years 
 3-happy birthday gay ass luv u 
 0-i wonder what my brother on my dad side want he just randomly hit me up asking where i'm at 
 3-i hate when people be like with your gay ass that's annoying 
 3-i gotcho gay ass 
 0-everything happens for a reason 
 3-not like my gay ass phone can hold a password 
 3-tohle stop retweeting that gay ass shit on my timeline 
 3-my gay ass sister 
 3-if this is customer service, sign my gay ass up. 
 3-yo gay ass 
 3-um i don't play those gay ass games lol queer 
 3-nice ,+ retweets on some gay ass tweet, faggot. 
 3-aye you aint tryna throw them bitches. ill spit on your ugly broke gay ass then beat your ass 
 3-thanks a lot you with your gay ass mfing emojis crashed the thot ass emojis 
 3-happy birthday to my gay ass sister. love you 
 3-something your gay ass would do 
 3-i don't listen to the gay ass radio. i know hella about rap and only a lil about reggae but reggae is sweet 
 3-lol truth be told that's some gay ass shit 
 3-a gay ass nigga 
 3-knowing my gay ass would've been all over her ass like.. what you thought i was about to do" 
 3-i need someone who's down to smoke, drink a little, cuddle naked, watch some gay ass movies, and eat a ton of pizza. 
 1-gay ass nigga 
 3-gay ass meme 
 1-y es u r u noodle gay ass!!! 
 3-miss my gay ass 
 3-you like them gay ass thong shits 
 1-this gay ass) 
 1-gay ass bitch ass you have there 
 3-no. give me all of the love n hugs i love ur gay ass 
 3-gay ass 
 3-ur gay ass needs to shut up 
 3-well cpo clearly is gay, so they must, even if it's just his gay ass 
 3-whoa sweety you might wanna watch that bitch its no point of arguing! get yo gay ass on. you aint worth 
 3-did really be me, my gay ass lol 
 3-going to ulta after work to get my sister a gift but i don't even know what to get her cause my gay ass aint that girly smh 
 3-dont even touch that gay ass nerd shit 
 1-yes we saw. you blind gay ass nigga. 
 3-real shit the rap game should of never accepted you and they should kick yo gay ass out right now 
 3-gay ass 
 3-big cock cum cam: 
 3-cross dressing gay ass vine 
 3-remove yoself from da rap game it we dnt need yo wack ass suck ass gay ass music in it lol 
 3-ita seriously woke me up to some gay ass christmas music and her gay ass singing 
 3-ass for you: 
 3-gay ass friends? heheheheheheh don't do it to your self huny sprinkle bitch 
 1-sometimes i will add an emoji. i hope you and your mother get raped together, having to hear the other cry for help lol 
 0-oh so u travel to lan events to waste money and get raped. nice life 
 3-i fucking avoid doctors and stay healthy and i get raped the one time i can't breathe for fucking  days 
 0-uber have introduced handy hints on how not to get raped in their minicabs 
 0-or say that someone should get raped. that's just sick and twisted and person has to be really mean and sadistic to say that 
 3-this nigga really tryna convince me that men can't get 
 0-get raped by the elite it pisses me off! 
 3-i think the asian mom bingo needs the boys are trying to sex you one or just cant go out with guy friends cause ur gonna get raped" 
 0-oh i do dig. you're wrong. women won't get raped or doused in acid for not wearing a one piece bathingsuit 
 0-little tip for your next rape safety campaign: rape' not get raped'. 
 0-that's actually surprising. ironically i have to order a lot of what i want from the uk and then get raped on the s&amp;h 
 0-you want my daughter to get raped but im supporting rape culture lol. stop it love 
 3-this is better but don't black out bc then you could get raped 
 3-but yeah i hope you never experience rape but receive blessings although you want my future daughter to get raped 
 3-men get raped kids get raped we're their tits showing too? 
 3-she resisted so didn't get raped by thug cop....when she cooperated in custody she ended up dead 
 0-wanna get raped and killed? legit do you want that for you're self? 
 3-we didnt get raped as you said you would 
 3-going to get raped. thats disgusting of you. dont point fingers at others if you blatanly supporting rape now 
 3-who the fuck thinks its ok to drive a dark black van with going to get raped" tinted windows and have a decal on the side that says swat? 
 0-firstly nothing justifies rape. secondly people who cover and people who don't get raped so you should reevaluate. 
 1-which swedish women are of rapable age?  years old to  years old? some will get raped twice a week. others, who knows? 
 1-i mean, it's not like imams have compared unveiled women to spoiled meat that deserves to get raped or anything 
 3-chat shit get raped 
 3-i hope you get raped in jail 
 0-i am aware that men that get raped are deemed as hilarious and weak. this is bad. 
 0-i mean she could but she's a retired egirl that has a bf so you'd get raped 
 3-the most you will ever see me show is my b cup boobs thru the middle. dassit. u trying to get raped on the dance floor boo? damn 
 3-by the way, you little turd, men get raped, too. maybe you'll get lucky. 
 0-tw// hijabs or ppl who dress can get raped too. rape is not only subjective to a group of ppl who wear certain clothes. 
 3-if i get lit it doesn't mean i want to get raped even if i'm seriously drunk my intentions aren't to get raped. 
 0-i hope zoey doesn't get raped or killed!! 
 3-which i just found so disgusting because no???? women are not a piece of candy that get raped because they dont cover wtf??? 
 3-omfg is she lost??? like in saudi/yemen, women get raped a lot and cant say shit bc she is a 
 0-is it not on this same twitter that someone tweeted that women get raped bcos they don't wear hijab? 
 3-y'all bitches don't know how tf i feel. hell yea i said her baby can get raped...split the fuck open! idgaf the rest of y'all can too 
 3-also earlier i was pissed bcs some woman was trying to say that women wear headscarves not to get raped and i was like no so ye 
 3-lol your child can still get raped. hope u n ya mammie get raped fym? you finna see.. 
 3-you're just a foreignrape fantisizer that wants to get raped by a nonwhite refugee savage, but is too ugly 
 0-men get raped too, the shame is hard to brush off 
 0-i know i love it but i keep thinking i'm about to get raped. but i love amaro so i'll just ignore the dreams 
 3-imagine me saying"proud undocumented" in mexico, i prob would get raped b i get dported 
 3-it was her choice to get raped 
 0-the fact that men also get raped and people don't take it into consideration 
 0-so is the woman's fault to get raped because off her choice of clothes? 
 0-need someone in real estate to teach me more about house buying because the apr feel like i'd get raped 
 0-there is no such thing as a type of person that is more likely to get raped. women and men of all ages, religions, class, cultures, 
 3-show me the islamic doctrine where it says it's ok for nonhijabi women to get raped. 
 0-oh my god that was a creepy scene. i really thought kate was going to get raped. 
 0-that's not love. if i allowed a child to get raped, i'd be evil, but if god does it, he deserves worship? 
 3-all the customers at the lcbo are acting like their lives are on the fuckin line if they dont get their booze i swear 
 3-yo chipotle needs to get their shit together because i want some but my mom won't let me eat there 
 0-what would get jimmy olsen for christmas? the star says... 
 0-is it just me or did every girl on social media get their nails done today 
 0-well this would definitely make traveling less stressful! 
 0-sometimes you have to love people from a distance and give them space and time to get their minds right. 
 3-leaving aside the religious discrimination they don't get their fucking money back?? basically a fine for being muslim?? 
 0-since when do middle schoolers get their permits?? 
 0-you get their newsletter? 
 0-gonna ask my dad and mom go get me a ps and xb when they get their taxe checks lmfao 
 1-these niggas look like baby bowser when they get their hair sponged for real 
 0-people who should get their facebook profiles deleted... 
 0-i should never go offline again, i guess. but i think even then i wouldn't get their follows. 
 0-somebody come get their mans 
 0-not surprising because most americans get their info of the world from a blatantly biased media. 
 3-my mom said these lil boys just wanna get their dick wet they don't actually love 
 0-they get their license young here in texas...#colin cypress, teaxas 
 0-jasminators get their shadiness from jasmine, so don't try to drag us or our idol 
 0-infact like i said, the are being done by foreign contractors who get their funds in dollars 
 0-lmao you called him i have to struggle not to get their names mixed up. 
 0-some customers really want to get their nose broken 
 3-stans r all ugly i have yet to meet one that shouldn't get their wifi cut off 
 0-lovelyz only get their phone back after winning first place 
 3-first buses from sprowston seriously need to get their shit together, waited  mins for the bus this morning and  hours for it tonight 
 0-mines chilling in the fridge the kids are dying to get their hands on it but they've been warned 
 0-i get so reluctant each time i get their contact god help me to be a finisher? 
 0-i want to like this place so bad. if they get their act together it could be tremendous. 
 0-someone come get their mans 
 0-you can force us companies to build dual key systems. everyone will then get their encryption from outside the us. 
 3-preach they need to get their shit together 
 0-then i don't get their hang up on coin buying 
 0-if you wish to get their faster, stay in motion. if you wish to take longer, go really fast stop. 
 0-mariachi girls usually get their nails done right after  de diciembre because like no more trabajo for a while 
 0-or women are just rich enough to pay to get their stomach sucked after the pregnancy 
 3-where do vice get their writers from fuck my life 
 3-well it's jimmy's job to get their asses here by any means necessary or sell the team. 
 0-most reps get their online leads from us. free for all reps on 
 0-fox host: men are sick of being feminized and donald trump is last hope to get their masculinity 
 0-i just want steroline to get their hea. 
 3-naughty girlfriends keisha grey and miley... 
 0-not all heroes get their happy ending." 
 0-on another note i see why people just don't get their cars fixed!! that deductible around christmas time is rough!! 
 3-picturin how dumb these bitches look tryna get their nipples hard pre mirror selfie 
 0-if min makes the playoffs, atl would get their pick that year right? 
 0-other years from school can get their whole year back together for a night.. struggle to get  of us out for a pint 
 0-help with long term rescue furbabies get their foreverhomes and other pets too 
 0-hoping for a good grades for alexa the others who will get their grades today! may god bless you! 
 1-if feminists get their way at all anymore, society as a whole is doomed... 
 3-why they get so mad when they get their asses grabbed? 
 0-if you block someone, once you unblock them will you get their messages? like the ones they sent while they were blocked? 
 0-booty makes the world go around 
 3-why would i go around lying about being a virgin lmfao people are fucking stupid 
 0-talm bout tweaks.. i got enough tweaks to go around! i'm a loose screw at this point 
 1-i had girls come over and they would fuck me and then go around and steal my fucking clothes. i cannot trust bitches at all. 
 3-dis bitch alejandra claim she wanna see me but then tryn go around telling ppl she hang with me like wha since when shawty confused 
 0-meh, there's enough to go around 
 3-i dont trust nobody w/. the simple shit cause they wanna lie, add shit, and go around the truth to make it juicy 
 0-we can go around the back next if you want...... 
 3-it's so funny to me how he can go around fuck with people think it's ok i just hope he doesn't fuck her over like he did the rest 
 0-people always told me be careful of what you do and don't go around breaking young girls' hearts... 
 3-so niggas can go around fuck any everything with a heartbeat and it's cool? but when a female do it she a hoe 
 0-just basically go around saying what is this??" 
 0-i need a map to go around lumiose city, this is real 
 0-we can't let children think it's okay to dress up like vikings and go around hollering. dogbert, on opera 
 0-a thot a what? a thot thottie, she the type to go around and do stuff with just anybody 
 3-that sounds like some shit i'd go around singing 
 0-topless is just topless. that`s nothing. why is it ok for men to go around topless when some of them have bigger boobs than many women? 
 0-no i don't deny anything, there's idiots in all parts of the world. i don't go around telling women how to dress. 
 3-i need a pet wolverine. that's a  pound weasel, which is awesome. i'd name him hank we'd just go around fucking shit up. 
 0-i just convinced someone that in england you have to go around with a tcard that tells people how you take your tea 
 0-damn! was supposed to go around  too 
 0-so is wearing mini skirts in the west. do you go around tell them girls to cover up? 
 0-yeahh alhamdulilah finally done hmm after this you can bring me to go around btw when did you have the test 
 3-maybe you should learn it first before you go around thinking you're hemingway or some shit 
 0-do you think this person would go around telling guys on the internet that rape jokes and 
 0-when you go around a block to complain about someone going around a block, talking about someone going around blocks 
 0-but anakin, how can you be the best jedi ever when you go around killing innocent people? 
 0-wow it's so funny that rings are such a joke now u cannot go around giving out rings all willy nilly like it means nothing 
 3-one more go around with this shit lol 
 0-you don't go around arresting tavern keepers because their glassware isn't regulation 
 3-go around me rather than ride my ass, why be fucking stupid about it?? 
 0-thoughts and words to hear you sing as you go around the house..to see your beautiful face and to be able to be a blessing to you and to 
 0-saw star wars a second time and in d this go around. still awesome. 
 0-will be running into some extremely bumpy weather on our descent. all passengers/crew, please be seated in the next min." go around?! 
 0-mom... what.... i'm hungry when i eat i go around the bowl in circles. everyone does 
 0-maybe we will find that they have a kill in the tree but they will have to go around the pan and find a footprint 
 0-ha i cant wait until im  years old because id go around telling people and just start laughing 
 0-if you have to go around saying that you're a good person, you're probably not a good person 
 0-it's cool. i usually go around  and i know that's kinda latw 
 0-don't go around saying the world owes you a living. the world owes you nothing. it was here first. mark twain 
 0-i like to be believe that, which is why i go around with a smile on my face for others. 
 0-i mean i guess i mean i don't go around saying lewd stuff on the internet so it's ehhhhh to me but ok 
 0-go around the corner into knox st it's free for two hours on the south side of the street. 
 0-if there was plenty of money to go around, there'd be no stalemate would there. 
 0-nothing better  end my night then a close call crossing the street on a marked crosswalk because car behind tried  go around a car stopped 
 0-can't really say that when you guys kept trying to go around the point and avoid and contradict it. 
 0-there are a few guys that can save us this time, but the last go around not only were we defeated but were dissolved!! 
 0-aweinspiring televised wisdom lessons and teachings that will go around the world and touch untold millions if lives around the world..we 
 0-u cannot just go around saying teachers are paedophiles if they are not it can ruin their life 
 0-oh no, i meant new mexico. watch the last minute and a half. lots of blame to go around. 
 1-the walking dead causes me so much stress i fucking hate all the characters that aren't the original i'm crying 
 3-yo i hate all those squirrels in cardigans, too. 
 0-i hate all these new cartoons 
 0-to hate her means to hate all those memories. fuyutsuki azusa teacher onizuka) 
 0-i hate all my friends' come backs. emily just called me a sped chicken corn hole... smh 
 0-wont even lie i hate all my social medias. no more shirtless/thirsty post will be posted on my ig.  ppl dont needa kno all that 
 0-i hate all kpop threads unless they're gd threads those are the only threads that matter 
 3-i hate all these hoes who were rude to naruto when he was young pls leave 
 0-i hate all the teachers that give us homework over the break, like do you not understand the definition of a break 
 0-i literally hate all boys 
 3-episode vii spoilers are creeping into my life and i hate all of you bastards. 
 3-not a bigot, i just hate all muslims'........ me that answers that then, tolerant and open minded to the end! 
 0-hate all this shit about concussions just let us have fun 
 0-i hate all that. emails too. 
 3-hate all this shit ffs 
 3-i hate all of you 
 0-can i just say i hate my car. i hate all the crap i have to deal with from having it 
 1-hate all of 
 0-i understand why my parents hate all of their kids 
 0-i hate all of you 
 0-im having one of those days where i hate all my friends 
 0-politics open question is it fair to say liberals hate white people and conservatives hate all nonwhite people? 
 0-i hate all of you 
 0-i really do hate all you humans 
 1-i hate all clippers fans 
 1-i hate all of you 
 0-i actually hate you i hate all the food you are tagging me in 
 1-i hate all gandhi family. they are corrupted first to last 
 0-i really hate all this drama'... supporting everyone doesn't make me a bad tvxq fan, it doesn't make me a bad jyj fan either. 
 0-i'm a larrie dont hate me) but i agree that some hahahah, i don't hate all larries! just the 
 0-i hate all christmas music, it isn't her fault. 
 3-i hate all that shit! 
 1-honestly guys i hate all of you 
 0-she's also like not sexist i just hate all female fictional characters" i wanna kill her 
 0-i hate all my teachers rn 
 3-i hate your clubcard points...'add up'!". well...yeah. no fucking shit. 
 0-i said most, not all. most is probably a truth when talking worldwide. you just want me to say i hate all of them. 
 1-i hate all of yu 
 0-though slb tried very hard to make u sympathise with them and hate all the others against it kashibai) 
 0-i hate all of it 
 1-hate all the wee posh edinburgh wankers 
 0-when i take a new selfie i hate all the other ones that came before it 
 1-i still hate all of you hoes for this 
 0-i hate all this political corruption and money meddling. what happens when there are no more middle class? communism or chaos? 
 0-i hate all of you equally 
 0-i hate all holiday songs. there are only  and everyone keeps doing their own take on it. very tired. 
 3-dad doesn't know i'm home and i just heard him scream hate all these fucking turnovers" 
 0-i hate all of my clothes. unless, of course, i'm packing a suitcase for a trip. then i can't bare to part with anything in my closet. 
 3-i hate all the fake shit that circulates twitter 
 1-i hate all of you 
 3-u can't be a gay ass bitch n then say u hate faggots 
 3-lol dude i hate faggots too 
 1-ugh i hate faggots like you. 
 1-i hate faggots 
 1-hate faggots so much 
 1-i hate faggots 
 1-i hate faggots so much yo 
 1-lol dude i hate faggots too 
 1-i fucking hate faggots 
 1-i fucking hate faggots. 
 1-i hate faggots that gotta act hard to impress others...there fuckin lames in my book 
 1-lol dude i hate faggots too 
 1-i love jesus i love jesus i hate faggots i love jesus i hate faggots who do you hate? dirty fucking faggots! 
 1-i hate faggots who tryhard to kill last 
 1-god i hate faggots such as these. i'm a nigger myself, when they think of slavery, they think of amurica. 
 3-love gabriel hate faggots 
 1-lol dude i hate faggots too 
 1-i hate faggots 
 1-hate faggots 
 1-i mean i hate niggers, and i really hate faggots, but nigger faggots are the worst though don't you agree 
 3-i hate faggots liek this get legit subscribers and also views! 
 1-i hate faggots that act like they have to be in the friend zone 
 1-lol dude i hate faggots too 
 1-i hate faggots, thats what 
 1-hate faggots and i hate young people fucking" god 
 1-no their gimmick is them...they never cut a promo saying i fucking hate faggots or anything so...no not part of 
 1-i hate faggots 
 1-i hate faggots. 
 1-lol dude i hate faggots too 
 1-i hate 
 3-i like the dxd dub dont hate faggots 
 1-lol dude i hate faggots too 
 1-i hate faggots so. hmmmmm 
 1-lol dude i hate faggots too 
 1-my daddy really hate faggots 
 1-i hate faggots more than anything 
 3-do you hate faggots wow....maybe you are a terrorist 
 1-lol dude i hate faggots too 
 3-kinda rethinking this bc i hate faggots but i have this boy in that i got my eye on 
 3-i fucking hate faggots like you guys 
 1-lol dude i hate faggots too 
 1-we hate faggots 
 1-ole bitch lol i hate faggots 
 3-i hate faggots that talk shit to u man ur a freaking nice guy and ur skills are most impressive wars 
 1-it's just the fact of the matter. i hate faggots who use rules to forfeit for the win when they actually lost 
 1-lol dude i hate faggots too 
 3-i hate a bitch ass nigga just as much as i hate faggots 
 1-i'd have more respect for you if you just came out and said you hate faggots. their anger is their problem not yours 
 1-bitch you didn't hate faggots until i forced my opinion on you 
 1-nobody hate faggots more than me i hate them gay ass niggas 
 3-literally the whole thing is hate fat feminists waaaaaaah" are incapable of freedom" 
 1-i swear bruh i hate fat people 
 1-i fucking hate fat kim 
 1-i rl hate fat ugly dikes please don't go smack 
 1-i rl hate fat ugly dikes please don't go smack 
 1-i hate fat people fights 
 3-i hate fat emo bitches 
 0-i hate fat jeans 
 3-my fat friend borrowed my yoga pants i thought they would just stretch and go back to my size but no theyre ruined now i hate fat people 
 1-i hate fat weak bitches. 
 3-i hate fat niggas that wear skinny jeans 
 3-my cousin just came back from the marines he says he can't count to ten without seeing a fat person ya hate fat people 
 3-i hate fat ugly bald headed hating ass hoes 
 0-girl want to be skinny that's real beauty.even boys wanna be skinny.girls hate fat boys.not joke it's fact 
 3-i hate fat niggas who don't bathe..you should shower everyday and sometimes twice a day 
 3-damn thats so fucking wack maybe they hate fat white men 
 1-i hate fat girls yoo they stink they breath like dragons 
 1-seeing orbiters on twitter i hate u as much as i hate fat people 
 3-why yall hate fat ppl bruh 
 1-hate fat people me, sitting on their arse all day eating fucking turkey dinosaurs and shit 
 3-hate dull guys hate prideful guys hate unreliable guys hate wishywashy guys hate fat guys hate sissy guys and more... 
 0-and yea i hate fat cats that bring outside money into our economy 
 1-y'all hate fat niggas idk why 
 3-i hate fat bitches 
 1-i hate fat bitches 
 0-why do girls hate fat guys with moobs i don't know? 
 1-i hate fat people 
 0-i liked a video from why men hate fat women 
 0-just noticed my snapchat says  instead if . i hate fat fingers 
 1-hate fat white kids 
 0-i liked a video from why do people hate fat people? 
 3-on god i hate fat hoes folks stay cock blocking 
 1-i hate fat people 
 0-my fab friends really hate fat girls like 
 1-i hate fat niggas, they play around too much to be so heavy or they talk too much shit 
 1-fucking hate fat people 
 1-my fab friends really hate fat girls like 
 3-i hate fat little gremlins with ombre hair, slightly plump booties and bottles of liquor in all their pictures. 
 0-i don;t actually hate fat people 
 3-i just had a back and forth with someone who actually tweeted hate fat bitches'.....conclusion: i am an idiot 
 1-u don't have to block me you're fat i will never tweet u ma'am i hate fat bitches 
 1-i hate fat people. it's just like, stop being fat! 
 3-i hate fat asses lol can't do nun with em, but give me lil but not to small ass.....i goooooootttt chu 
 0-lol i don't hate fat women 
 3-sorry but fuck you and your apology. people like you who hate fat women and disguise it as care can rotisserie in hell 
 3-hate fat mouthy hoes 
 3-i hate when niggas say they hate fat girls but their mom and grandma a whole fucking 
 1-i hate fat bitch ass bus drivers 
 1-i hate fat 
 0-i hate hate fat nick 
 0-as much as i hate you your the only person that ever listens(think that makes sense) 
 0-i hate you. 
 3-thank you bitch i hate you too 
 3-i hate you josh for putting this shit on my timeline lol 
 0-i hate you so much rn 
 0-thanks nateypie!!! i hate you for this 
 3-i fucking hate you 
 0-lol you are so consumed with hate, you should see someone about that 
 0-literally i hate you so much oh my god 
 0-marvel not, my brethren, if the world hate you. 
 3-. it's tampa, not ny. . they fucking hate you. 
 0-god i hate you. knew it was wrong but didn't care enough to look into it 
 0-i hate you omg 
 0-look so beautiful" hate you don't call me beautiful" 
 0-so in response of hate you made a theory and tweeted it? n bro we all know his tweets are also in response 
 1-yeah george please do and charl i hate you 
 0-lmaoooo the hate you're 
 0-i hate you both 
 0-i tried hard to have a father but instead i had a dad, i just want you to know that i don't hate you anymore 
 0-hate you 
 0-you're thinking that i hate you now you still don't know what i never said 
 3-why are ya fuckers tumblr tagging my art as pda" i hate you so much 
 0-parts of me miss you.. parts of me hate you.. 
 1-i hate you rn 
 3-i hate you 
 0-if you only knew how much it breaks my heart when you say things like hate you" the sound of it almost gave me a heart attack 
 0-hate 
 0-i hate you, i love you, i hate that i want you 
 3-baby: ur a dick for not tellin me you know what and i hate you and youre annoying and a mess 
 0-i hate you so much 
 0-if you didn't buy a whole baguette there, i hate you 
 0-hate you 
 0-she don't hate you no more she got over her little mood swing 
 3-i fucking hate you!! 
 0-i hate you all 
 0-follow me pls? no? hate you lucas 
 0-currently crying in pain i hate you girl body 
 1-prick i hate you 
 0-oh my god i hate you. make him bring some here 
 0-bro i hate 
 0-i don't usually say hate you" in arguments, but if i do, i seriously mean it 
 0-i hate you! 
 0-smile at people who hate you. 
 1-hate you 
 0-i hate 
 0-love you too but i honesty hate you for that picture 
 0-you being hot makes it really hard to hate you 
 1-i hate you 
 3-fuck all of you holiday shoppers. you're mean and i hate you 
 0-lying to me only makes me hate you. strong word but my trust with you is everything. 
 0-and then he wakes up and nothing is happening and he's ready to just have another snooze 
 0-never done know about had to have another team i called against. 
 0-it has too have another name. lol 
 0-they have another kicker, andrew david 
 0-i have another idea for a loki x loki story. but i would need a descriptive twin for that. hmm... 
 0-for such news, twitter should have another option to click like: triple hate 
 0-i can't wait to have another day like 
 0-if i was to have another younow which day would you prefer? 
 0-come see me at gangnam we have another hour and a half of our halfpriced happy hour. were at the corner of st and washington! 
 0-feds interested in selfplusone have another shot in february 
 0-but hey everything will b ok he may have another chance who knows hope ur grandma feels better soon 
 0-might have to have another 
 0-if we happen to have another storm, it % needs to be snow 
 0-it's decided. if and i have another son his name will be anakin 
 0-yep. got the dad mobile. make sense to keep my car if we have another kid. plus something bigger for trips. 
 0-hope you like it, and not totally just so i have another coop victim, er, partner! 
 0-i need to have another day like yesterday it was pretty chill 
 0- already, can i have another drink? 
 0-pakistani watch: tired pakistani cricketers after heavy workout session! zee 
 0-sorry, elliott can't answer a question on do you have another question you'd like to ask? 
 0-today it's called bds. tomorrow it'll have another name. it makes no difference what form antisemitism takes 
 0-already following that account, do u have another one i could follow 
 0-omg my best friends talking are aesome now i have another squad 
 0-sorry, the photos are all on my other phone. you have another ? wow! i love animals. i detest animal abuse. 
 0-praying i don't have another nightmare tonight.. 
 0-last years boxing day longshot beauty won. lets have another this year 
 0-oh boy! looks like we have another 
 0-have another! 
 0-yes but if you have another option with a better matchup then it's a no. he's too in consistent this year to trust. 
 0-we have another donation match challenge going! 
 0-i didnt want to have another all caps but i guess ill have to 
 0-tis the season to be jolly tra la la la love listening to christmas carols have another great sale 
 0-do you have another shirt or just that one? oh just that one? ok that's ok 
 0-in replacement", andy, darryl and kevin have another jam session in the warehouse where robert joins them. 
 0-dear when i am charged for card maintenance, is it for the same card in my wallet or do you have another? 
 0-thank you for temple street visit today you have another new fan 
 0-and you will never have another like me 
 0-shut uppp! who jumps on top of someone when they have bags in their hand you're lucky your mom was there 
 0-why do i have bags i must sleep about  hours every day 
 0-don't have bags, i have suitcases under my 
 0-we aim to have bags to the carousel within  minutes of a flight's arrival. depending on the of flights arriving, this 
 0-my bags have bags 
 0-lowkey have bags under my eyes so i covered them up with these sunglasses.....but about to fall back 
 0-don't usually have bags on but guessin due to the lack of live sports they chucked it on. 
 0-there is a good reason mohamaden women have bags over them 
 0-go to sleep before you have bags under your eyes 
 0-nna...when they want to share national security vote...they can feel free to invite me. i have bags of rice at home 
 0-i wonder why i have bags on top of bags under my 
 0-deal  a must have at christmas and we have bags of them for only brussels sprouts, you either lov ethem or... 
 0-i have bags 
 0-do you have bags in your range of promotional items? we have a fabulous range. website coming soon 
 3-i'm so damn tired that even my eyebags have bags 
 0-i have bags under my eyes nice 
 0-still waiting for update. have bags been located? when are they coming? why the silence?? 
 0-gone have bags! lol 
 0-bad news is i'm going to have bags underneath my 
 0-will forever have bags 
 0-i have bags under my eyes to carry my shoppin. but i get dms so 
 0-i'm wanting to a band merch swap but you must live in the uk like if interested i have bags tees and posters and wallets 
 0-i don't have bags, bro 
 0-my friends are the reason i constantly have bags under my eyes... goodnight! 
 0-ima have bags tomorrow fml fml fml 
 3-lol we don't even have bags in our department they fuckin lose it every time 
 0-i remember the last time i have bags under my eyes 
 0-then i wonder why i have bags under my eyes smh 
 0-being at work this early is just nerve wracking i have bags under my eyes 
 0-i can't remember a time i didn't have bags under my eyes 
 0-i had to go to officeworks and lombards which both didn't have bags for us to buy. 
 0-i stay up on the phone  hours before i have to get up every night then wonder why i have bags under my eyes 
 0-maybe i should go to sleep so i don't have bags under my eyes like i'm going on vacation tomorrow 
 0-when you have bags under you eyes that no amount of make up can cover 
 0-i'm surprised i don't have bags under my eyes 
 0-the musthave bags are here 
 0-going to have bags under my eyes until christmas is over. 
 0-i no longer have bags under my eyes have luggages. in fact, luggage is too posh a word must go and this dark circles, damn 
 0-hes the reason i have bags 
 0-attack of the yet again. i would rather have bags under my eyes than surrender my inspiration to an early grave. 
 0-i have bags to put presents in so don't sweat it! 
 0-i can't remember a time i didn't have bags under my eyes... lol. they're like an accessory 
 0-probably gonna have bags under my eyes tomorrow. awesome. 
 0-i usually have bags under my eyes because of the lack of sleep i get 
 0-i can't." they stand outside, smoking a cigarette. they have bags under their eyes. their hand trembles. can't./" 
 0-it'll have bags by the end of next summer 
 0-i don't have bags under my eyes but i got some dark circles, any wanna trade 
 0-my aunt thinks i'm high in all of my pictures.. but really i just have bags under my 
 0-i remember the last time i have bags under my eyes 
 0-i'm just so worried u guys are gonna have bags under your eyes 
 0-he looks happy in that pic, dont u think? like comfy, looks like a real smile and if it his gf, she s cute 
 0-he looks like zayn malik 
 0-he looks so good im emo 
 0-he looks like an heir to a rich family, raised to be polite, softspoken, respectful and perfect 
 0-awe he looks like a doll. sweet! 
 0-he looks so good i'm so ugly 
 0-thisi s my favorite pic he looks so soft and smol hel p 
 0-and he looks so good wtf 
 0-when louis is happy, i'm happy!! he looks like a little baby with his new toyyy 
 0- he looks like wonwoo to me 
 0-oh that's i saw him in that pulse video. he looks like an old schoolmate of mine ifeanyi.... 
 0-he looks so soft and small melissa hol y shit please give him lots of love 
 0-because he looks like one bby lol 
 0-he looks like a sphinx. 
 0-he looks hott w blue eyes 
 0-in the clips he looks like he has good control and pace... a bit raw but would imo be a good addition no silly money either 
 0-gone away is his fresh face here to stay is the hairy face it makes kids feel sad he looks like their dad walkin' in a melvin wonderland 
 0-he looks so damn hot help 
 0-he looks like a vampire! ohh! junnie bite me!!!!!! 
 0-he looks up, smiling, is yours, then? is this a kind of truth or truth?" 
 0-i need that shawn look at me the way he looks to his guitar 
 0-he looks so good i gtg 
 3-this nigga tells me how he thinks he looks better than the hoes he talk too 
 3-he looks so fucking good fuckxjdk 
 0-he looks so gingery gross kermits the frog pic/ 
 0-he looks so sad im sad 
 0-that look from he looks very sharp 
 0-he looks so happy i'm glad he's out of chicago 
 0-he looks like a cute little kid im in love 
 0-he looks so young xddd 
 0-he's ok.......but i cant get passed the lisp. and he looks like a super young eddie murphy 
 0-wow, the snow's really coming down in live shot! but he looks so happy! 
 0-i tried he looks like hes accidentally posing looks almost pornographic 
 0-it's going to be difficult to get the third mugniyeh if they don't know what he looks like. 
 0-dan in the moth shirt is so cute he looks so small and adorable 
 0-he looks so goooood 
 0-he looks nothing like him! 
 0-he looks so perfect im out 
 0-but he looks cute and i dont look good when i open the front cam 
 0-he looks creepy 
 0-remember president harriet tubman because he looks just like my grandpa" 
 0-look at he face he looks so happy agshdjf 
 0-he looks so cute....enough 
 0-he looks mad enuff to keel again right here haha 
 0-like, he looks like a character in a movie about a startup being played by matt mcgory but in a coat that would have suited charlemagne 
 3-dont be showing our texts on here faggot 
 3-look here faggot i'm not gg. that proof thing doesn't fly. defend rapeguy all you like. 
 3-shoulda been here faggot 
 1-get in here faggot 
 3-bring it here, faggot 
 1-listen here faggot who is ''' in this conversation 
 3-come here faggot 
 1-not my fault cause i traded her when she was nothing here faggot congrats on your skill 
 1-my mums not here faggot! 
 1-thank you, don't come here faggot. 
 3-well there's this guy outside yelling back here faggot i'm gonna fucking kill you" oh.... 
 3-nah tuck him don't diss fucking star wars he a bitch fuck outta here faggot ass. 
 1-listen here faggot skyrim&gt; witcher what can u not understand 
 1-actually. i'm right here, faggot 
 3-look here faggot you look like an autistic faze rug with a bigger nose 
 3-wow im right here faggot 
 3-fuck outta here faggot ass 
 3-get yo ass outta here faggot!!!!! 
 1-gtfo of here faggot twitter boosting cunt 
 1-ono im right here faggot 
 3-i live here faggot 
 1-listen here faggot im gonna make it simple for you. . youre not a millionaire . youre a faggot 
 1-get your ass back here faggot. we are waiting on you 
 1-haha fuck outta here faggot 
 1-then why are you here faggot 
 3-were here faggot 
 1-here faggot! 
 3-fero can't pull of yeezys? but yet you're wearing them with skinny jeans lmao gtfo outta here faggot 
 3-get ur squeaker ass in here faggot 
 1-it's a public arena...close to the airport...msg me when you get here faggot, till then you're just a shit talking coc sucker... 
 3-did i make any sexual advances towards her? lol fuck out of here faggot 
 1-listen here faggot u failed the mission 
 3-y u dont even have friends on here faggot 
 1-get that sh*t outta here faggot 
 3-listen here faggot i was a emo long before those cunts popped up. 
 1-listen here faggot slaves i feel sorry for u 
 1-listen here faggot im the one who knocks 
 3-spoilers here faggot* 
 3-i'm here faggot 
 1-fuck outta here faggot 
 1-shove ur humorless b.s. up ur get the fuck out of here bwah!:) 
 3-shakboysmen: over here f 
 1-wars" no bitch take that syfy bullshit out of here faggot she don't like movies 
 3-we got a problem here faggot?? 
 3-oh cuz i was about to read you real quick but while i'm here, faggot is a nigga who do gay shit try yo cover it 
 1-a match? listen here faggot, u no match for me... keep trolling! u gon get it arse juice... 
 3-nobody gives a fuck what u want up in here faggot 
 3-lmfao theres no spinning here faggot it is what it is 
 3-now listen here faggot 
 3-no stfu get your ass back on instagram you don't belong here faggot leave love 
 0-from last night...my thoughts on jup and what i'd give him as a free agent. 
 0-some know him as others know him as the here josh shows why with 
 0-yeah, maybe too young. i remember him as a kid, never liked him then. thought he was a child snatcher 
 0-so hot. i would love to hold prisoner as my sex slave, and have him as my sexy christmas present. 
 0-i would love to be able to work with him as well!!! dream come true 
 0-you know him as...the great hambino 
 0-see this handsome creature? i know. but he is totally locked by me. i officially marked him as mine 
 0-hardwork of ji for the development of bharat is remarkable! every indian is blesses to hv him as india's pm! 
 0-expected from him as he is a chutiya! 
 0-let him in your heart, accept him as your lord and savior. 
 0-it's kinda weird watching david tennant as the tenth doctor now after i've seen him as kilgrave 
 0-done marc's christmas shopping for him as he hates best girlfriend award over here 
 0-jonathan clambered up with his armorbearer behind him; as the philistines turned to flee him, he cut them down, and his armorbearer 
 0-idk just. what gave u the notion that he'd ever be more respectful to kylo than absolutely necessary he only refers to him as 
 0-you gotta blame both. the man more but still both. she pursued him as well. 
 0-i think he has less mistakes that stears in him as well tbh but it's just opinions 
 0-frenchman who decapitated boss kills himself in jail they identified him as a frenchman. 
 0-schoolboy q's next album is about to cement him as my favorite drug rapper 
 0-yea, i don't think it's an issue for him as much as he is that raw and new to the game. especially at this level 
 0-i wouldn't be surprised if ghwb is alive) talks to his sons via hologram of him as a  year old man 
 0-khan life:::high court took more than decade to prove him as non accused.. now how much time does supreme court takes???? 
 0-i never thought reese was on hot seat. but can't convince me tc gets fired. they'll make excuses for him, as usual 
 0-all you youngsters can think of him as snape, but i knew him best as hans gruber. 
 0-jesus chose the way of the cross and died at the hands of the enemy. i'm not sure how using him as an example makes your point 
 0-there is a block option. im not sure where. i think you'll have to go to his profile and add him as 
 0-i even see logical stans saying things like hope there won't be a dating on his life rn.. fans are being bad to him as it is" 
 0-honestly, solas is a good character. i love him, but hate him. he's so great tho. i respect him as a person. 
 0-gonna start referring to him as friend i'm sure he's cool with that. 
 0-so when you say you celebrate maulid nabi bcoz you love our prophet, are you saying that the sahabah didnt love him as much as you do? 
 0-jan, it's a bit unfair to dismiss him as a fruit loop. he has 
 0-yeah thank you i like him as a bad guy 
 3- and finger banging yo's in the park smh, i like a couple of his songs but him as a person makes it hard lol 
 0-i lvoe you so much and i love jaehyun i'm the lucky one to have him as my sunshine i love him a lot 
 0-all worth it mate. this is him as a pup when i got him at  weeks old 
 0-as far as he did. little whiny brat." a strong arm reached out to the teen, taking hold of him as a means for support. 
 0-nope. the only person, my opinion, is ben. love him as a person! not president material. it's all a joke!!! 
 3-bill belichick is the biggest nerd in the nfl but god damn i want him as my team's coach. 
 0-no and i'm not watching if he's voted in no offense to him as an all time great. the spots are too precious. 
 0-funny, abusive narc said he wants our son by as many people who love him as possible"... everyone except my family that is! 
 0-what should i give to him as a gift eh about to find something special but not expensive. 
 0-i love how he jiong takes care of jackson by telling him, as they're tastetest the fridge contents, which ones not to eat bc they're spicy 
 0-hey fox  goodday! loose the santa.did you get him as a joke. 
 0-dmk will,accept dmdk as deputy cm the. pwf may project him as leader 
 0-if a man is a dead beat dad. sterize him as well. too many babies die and also go hungry for lack of a dad. 
 0-happy nd birthday, michigan hc jim harbaugh. what do you think of him as a coach? 
 0-happy nd birthday, michigan hc jim harbaugh. what do you think of him as a coach? 
 0-best guy friend will be home tomorrow home until the th! so my plans include hanging out with him as much as possible 
 0-well what? jason? honestly i don't care about him. as long as becky is front and center than liz hasn't 
 0-clint and tony's favorite hobby is drive fury crazy and give him as many headaches as possible. 
 0-i didn't watch him as billy abbott but i did see him on ringer and i agree. 
 1-broke ugly thirsty ass faggot. should've continued curving you like the rest of those niggas but i had to feel sorry for his faggot ass 
 3-that's where his faggot ass resides. 
 3-im tired of his faggot ass. something needed to be said. 
 1-blake griffin is an overrated fucking faggot. i could i would kill his faggot ass 
 3-his faggot ass is probably out eating like always 
 3-whip his faggot ass 
 3-nah tell zack get his faggot ass on minecraft or im fighting him at westfield next week 
 3-true with his faggot looking chimpanzee ass 
 1-i should've cursed his faggot ass out but i'm trying to change 
 1-should be a dick in his faggot mouth 
 1-zoen needs to bring his faggot ass home 
 3-i'd be rich if uncle sam would take his faggot ass on somewhere! they tax me a check. fuckin bitches. 
 1-nobody wants to write a fucking paper on banquo and his faggot ass friend macbeth 
 1-i want to punch god in his faggot face 
 1-ummhmm i won and look his faggot friend spawned in 
 3-man young thug girlfriend brave to be dating his faggot ass cause it couldn't be 
 3-old man and his faggot 
 3-his faggot ass better be going 
 3-that faggot zuckerberg's constantly suspending me, but i keep coming back to piss off his faggot democrat retards 
 3-pussy ass skimp ass nigga. i'd leave his faggot ass knocked tf out, butt naked with his finger in is asshole 
 3-but tell him i miss his faggot 
 3-is a ride or die i love his faggot ass 
 0-go purchase my real time video!! 
 1-when he's drunk asf and shit talking to his faggot ass xbox homies who are all a bunch of dick gobbling faggots 
 3-his faggot ass blocked. he stans onigger he's a fucking joke 
 1-i wish someone would kill his faggot ass 
 3-fuck his faggot brother 
 3-yea and millions of dicks in his faggot ass too. 
 3-imagine if you give blood and it goes to a gay man to help him have erections while hes fucking his faggot partner. god sign me out 
 1-in case yall wondering why his faggot ass got suspended 
 1-obj suspended? hmm was looking forward to see xavier strap his faggot ass 
 3-dont worry. once they know hes filing false reports, they'll go get his faggot ass. 
 1-i'd stack this nigga like a pancake and pour syrup on his faggot ass 
 1-as much as id like to message him ask him how it feels put his faggot ass on blast, i don't care enough. indifference is worse than hate 
 3-i got his faggot ass twice during sugo 
 3-his faggot ass gonna catch these hands 
 3-get this dumb ass faggot jeff gorton kn the line so i can call his faggot ass up and tell him what he's gotta fucking do 
 3-cumia is a hack racist faggot. hope the whore take his money and his faggot ass gets locked up. enjoy the rape asshat 
 3-his faggot qb wears women's shoes. 
 3-bihh where? he aint did shit all game but show his faggot ass cost his team bout  yards of penalties 
 1-all yall weak ass cowboy fans on that nigga nuts like he aint still the enemy regardless! fuck that nigga he showed his faggot ass today! 
 3-obj probably got a crush on norman. with his faggot ass 
 1-an get his faggot ass beat that nigga a bitch 
 1-im glad someone is fuckin with his faggot ass. too busy twerkin for his homeboys 
 3-the league should suspend him for next week or at least fine his faggot ass 
 1-knowing his faggot ass he has multiple accounts. so i will beam positivity and blind him with me and my new boo's smiles. 
 1-couldn't stand his faggot ass looking avi.. 
 3-wit his faggot ass fuck that nigga 
 3-norman will pop his faggot ass sooner or later 
 3-odell needs to calm his faggot ass down 
 0-never understood how a dude could use his shorty's car to pick up and take out another woman... the level of grimey is just too high bruh 
 3-a real nigga gone push his shorty to be a boss too 
 3-some nigga send his shorty $ while he's locked up just so she can buy herself a christmas gift. 
 3-this nigga chubbz be doing his shorty so bad lmao. 
 3-fuck ya feelings ain't no sorrys bitch shoot dat nigga and his shorty bitch 
 3-baina que me killa when a nigga puts up a pic making out w his shorty and then tries to bag u on the dm hijoeputas smh no respect 
 3-nigga so worried bout these hoes ain't even got his shorty back. 
 0-u kno his shorty ain't goin fo dat u gotta chill 
 3-fucking disgusting. he's the type to never pop off in the hood, but pop off on his shorty. 
 1-about to unfollow this nigga. him his shorty are gmt 
 0-fse think i want his shorty or nah im straight 
 0-when will told his shorty he didn't love 
 3-a real nigga gone push his shorty to be a boss too 
 0-cuz rl cuz pieced his shorty up den called her blood 
 0-what's your favorite hagelin moment? game  ot winner was great, but i'll go with his shorty in g of finals. really thought they'd do it. 
 3-when khaled was on snapchat talking to his shorty..he was speaking real shit.."i got you babes, just let me work and i got us" 
 0-my son that pay no bills with his shorty got a curfew lmaoooooooo 
 3-nigga said finna hit the dab when his shorty giving birth this nigga bruh 
 1-fuck your feelings and your sorries bitch shoot a nigga and his shorty bitch 
 3-not his shorty go head faggy 
 0-big bro got his shorty rocking the forces now 
 3-that's how it should be any nigga should be down for his shorty keep them girls out his face visa versa 
 3-shoot that his shorty" jokes 
 0-luke fowler back tracking over newzealand in his shorty suit 
 3-nigga wanted for gas money.. talmbout he need to buy his shorty  grams for christmas lol 
 0-that video of the young boy hitting his shorty over a accident in the shower in front of his friends all boy man smh 
 3-a ngga that keeps a smile on his shorty's face is gon always have her heart b 
 0-uh oh that's his shorty i never knew 
 3-boys be running to they niggas with the down between him his bitch then wonder why his niggas tryna slide with his shorty... 
 0-still his shorty forever eva eva. i got his back foreva eva." 
 0-ian gonna roll up a horchata blunt with his shorty before he go and see atl 
 3-bru i read between da lines. im always putting shit together and figuring out shit 
 0-im always late but yea the weeknd 
 0-: ur such a great friiiendd huehue i hope we can go out soon ur really fun to be with pa, im always here por u 
 0-well im always cold so.... 
 3-i fucking hate living in this house oml fuck everything idc anymore im always treated like a bitch by everyone and im done dealing with it 
 0-everytime someone ask me ada kt rumah ke x, i always burst out laughing. im always here peeps. like srsly, hrs at home. 
 0-im a teacher. rather its break or not im always up early 
 1-lol high schoolers happy about winter break and im just like nigga im always on break 
 0-im always the one who loves more and thatsmy problem 
 0-dear my friends, im always here for u to support you 
 0-im always trying to find myself 
 0-im always cold at work! 
 0-yall know if this was my other job i wouldnt care, im always late to that one 
 3-im always the first one to die without any fucking attempts 
 0-i dont belong anywhr yet im always trying so hard to belong somewhr. 
 0-wow im always somewhere 
 0-im always tired and sad. why 
 0-i don't even talk to anyone, im always working. i don't have time for people lmao 
 0-the fact im always hungry. 
 0-im always peeping on females that dont even know it. i like to see what you about before you know that you got my attention 
 0-im always late 
 0-thank you! yes! im always working on an idea! my business growth is important to me!! 
 0-nah, i hope so too... but i doubt it, im always indoors and anytime anyone wants to start trouble i dont bother to listen 
 0-louis treats fans so nicely and he doesnt make them uncomfortable im always so amazed by him 
 0-im always gonna stay you call for me in right thereeeee 
 0-sad im always team the bad guys smh 
 0-im always here baby 
 0-im always gonna be here no matter what 
 3-im always talking shit, but i swear i be speaking the truth 
 3-im always on some chill shit 
 0-im always so anxious to these things and my parents just ignore it like its no big deal 
 0-pm me if u have problem im always here mwa imytoooo 
 0-being sick is horrible im always gonna take care of my health 
 0-i'm never satisfied. im always looking for the next best artist 
 0-im always alone here. pathetic 
 0-im always gonna follow you tom and im gonna stay loyal because i love you 
 0-like it prpbably isnt a big deal to you but to me its like im always having a mental breakdown when it comes to myself like my self esteem 
 0-im always hungry or tired or both 
 0-im always too early 
 0-im always depressed. wth 
 0-im always dressed before my 
 0-bcb// nalnal!! so happy nagkaclose ta and so happy we're classmates hehe ill frvr be hrateful for you and know im always here. merry xmas! 
 0-im always willing to be extra for the holidays 
 0-aint gotta tell me im always right 
 0-im always up early 
 0-im always sweating to death at night man 
 0-im always most productive at the sunrise 
 0-im always waiting 
 0-happy to my beloved prophet muhammad bin abdullah.. hopefully im always with you 
 3-im always getting woke up outta my sleep like this shit starting to put me off 
 0-my left arm is sore and my right arm is full of bruises bc of my baritone 
 0-the theater is full. it's  am on a wednesday why is this happening to me 
 0-hunter shared his work on storymaker demonstrating beginning, middle, and end! my is full! 
 0-you don't understand that is full? 
 0-shot basic is full of step shot ) 
 0-must be why is full of feminists calling it antifeminist not to hate men themselves. 
 0-always see the good in everything. life is full of beauty. 
 0-my mind is full of la la la la la la la we going dumb and dumber" this is ikon's fault 
 0-say goto world , world  is full 
 0-hell is full of musical amateurs. 
 0-hell is full of musical amateurs. 
 0-king is full of gems would be handy for us gl users 
 0-the world is full, there is afks on edgar 
 0-session is full 
 0-work on the annual report, or play with puppies?? life is full of hard choices. 
 0-i appreciate that, rest assured our planners take a great interest in knowing when a service is full. they'll be notified. 
 0-guess what? i got  more followers thanks to that hastag, lol. fak u jokur. i win. gotham is full of people ready to belieb 
 0-life is full of give and take. give thanks and take nothing for granted 
 0-my is full 
 0-heart is full after spending time with these friends; lots of 
 0-there are christmas lights everywhere some amazing displays. sullivan is full of them,so is newton,cloverdale,etc 
 3-her latina butt is full of blubber 
 0-bryndel hopes his stocking is full of treats on christmas morning. 
 0-thank you to all those that have applied from the job advert. the selection process is now closed and our interview day is full. thanks 
 0-happy th birthday parker i hope your day is full of lots of sushi fun!! 
 0-holy, holy is the lord of hosts; the whole earth is full of his isaiah : esv 
 0-like, i'm not kidding. dad's study was/is full of old religious texts. sure he was looking for the grail. 
 0-does anyone else think is full of bull? heheh 
 0-we're in joyces cod anglers is full of funeral people 
 3-aldi is full of shit wives with bags of shit last minute christmas dinner for their husbands who deserve better 
 0-my family is full of morning people... 
 3-dennerclub is full of dickheads 
 0-my tl is full of drama oml 
 0-your trash is full 
 0-people in cleveland and defending the cops though, wow, its revolting. my neighborhood is full of propolice yard signs. 
 0-this website is full of twerk videos click the link see what i have to offer. 
 0-if you do not have an airplane to weigh..." this article is full of potential 
 0-news update what would jesus drink? the bible is full of references to wine: noah gets drunk on it after the 
 0-what would jesus drink? the bible is full of references to wine: noah gets drunk on it after the flood. jesus... 
 0-phone: storage is full! me:  pictures) phone: storage is full! me:  pictures on deleted') phone:... 
 0-five nights at : description: rooms in five nights at  unblocked game is full of darkness.... 
 0-your twitter is full of grammatically incorrect quotes. good day. 
 0-snapchat is full of aftersex selfies and these are the b... 
 0-it may be the holidays but there are no rest days! jan  show and  day tour in india means training is full throttle 
 0-jinyoung is full of gross ideas 
 0-my time hop is full of ppl i don't associate with anymore lmao 
 0-my twitter is full of lounelle but idgaf i ship them my new parents 
 0-at ted cruz tulsa mabee ctr. house is full. 
 0-happy birthday! thanks for being a huge influence on me in these last couple of months, hope your day is full of blessings. 
 1-pakistan is full of jahils and muslim league thrives on ignorance.. 
 0-i came across these two flags today, one is whitegreen and the other is orangewhite. i 
 0-me too. i wanted to use the word, as he is white, my first title was shadow' but i changed it to white promise.' 
 0-what is white privilege? 
 0-oscar isaac is white? news to him i bet. 
 0-is christmas' not pc enough for college campuses? 
 0-easiest way to tell if someone is white trash? ask them if hard" is a christmas movie. 
 0-it's just dark and the stuff on the chair is white rip 
 0-is christmas' not pc enough for college campuses?: 
 0-mia doi todd my room is white lotus remix) 
 0-st its not cold because im hot. nd my bg is white yours is cream. rd i dont have a fav angle 
 0-siomai is white and wrinkly.. beef ball in ginger sauce and hot sauce 
 0-i was so tempted to upload this pic to my visa app coz technically the background is white s/o 
 1-is white male privilege" 
 0-and christmas" deemed to be racist... do they not know snow is white? what has this world come to? 
 0-just want to point out that the best basketball player in the world right now is white. so no more being prejudice 
 0-according to my mom all i am is white 
 0-what the hell is white people's obsession with pitbull? 
 0-usa justice system / vision when suspect is aa only gets real cloudy when suspect is white or a cop 
 0-no issue that the bear is white in race? only one africanamerican voice could be found in the whole country? 
 0-her skin is irrelevant to the story so it doesn't matter if her actress is white, green, purple, black or polkadot! 
 0-lele name in my phone is white chocolate 
 0-i agree! better if the bg is white tho). is it the uk edition? idek where to get that 
 0-attack on titan is white peoples second favorite thing 
 0-but it is white and gold 
 0-ashton is white he can't be a roadman, he'd be a 
 3-today is white girl wedensday! submit your big juicy white ass! 
 0-in which jk rowling is informed that, no, she's wrong, hermione is white. 
 0-my dad is like ve con madre" but the fog is so bad that literally all you can see is 
 0-finally my white bathtub is white again! awesome cleaning hacks! 
 0-you get that from vice, and is white men's fault and they have to be stopped" from salon. this is propaganda 
 0-hilary clinton is white... so you'll get your wish 
 3-it's okay cause cruz is i wonder if they consider washing" a cuban to be racism? only if its a republican. 
 0-the goal is white 
 0-is white....would you let your son slap you in your face and live? 
 0-all i ever known is white girl i've been doing research 
 1-notice especially how every single person here is white 
 0-oh i get it u don't like dc bc batman's super power is white privilege innit that killed me too ngl 
 0-the fact that adele is white... i'm sorry but it's a plus 
 1-wanna bet this idiotic bimbo is white? hey, murphy you're part of your own problem as per your 
 1-liam is white as hell, that lil boy is not light skinned, we aint gon claim him as a nigga so yall can sit yo asses all the way down 
 0-hell is white social justice warriors 
 0-is down. black is 
 0-also that she turns pink when embarassed. her mom is white so she could be half something else with white skin. 
 0-and meth is white 
 0-a bit of my hair is white 
 0-when yo family is white asf 
 0-my hair is no longer blue...it is white/gray and it's making me sad. i must get it redyed! 
 0-i got a super cute light blue phone case and my phone is white it goes so well together 
 0-is the anger because she is white? 
 0-so you saying adele is prospering bse she is white 
 0-the truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow, life is a crazy ride and nothing is guaranteed 
 0-all i want for christmas is you. 
 0-bimbola, come out from wherever it is you're hiding 
 0-all i want for christmas is you 
 0-all i want for christmas is you.. 
 0-i need is 
 0-lol...you're so mad right now. best part is, you'll tell yourself and me you aren't mad. you been mad. 
 0-given the chance, i doubt you would ever go to is, you coward fitnah making takfiri! 
 0-np mariah carey all i want for christmas is you 
 0-mariah carey all i want for christmas is you lyrics 
 0-i learned that if you want to make it bad enough, no matter how bad it is, you can make it. sayers 
 3-um don't talk too her like that tf fuck is you doing 
 0-if this is you, leave your name in the comments! 
 0-love is you 
 0-like the wind that is led by the weather that is you a flower, a bee, only going toward right,bts 
 0-all i want for christmas is you 
 3-what's disrespectful is you lying to your fans bout your transfer purse. mind you fuckin business, arsene. 
 0-i know at the end of the day is you love who you love there ain't no other way." 
 0-but i know that all i want is you this christmas 
 0-mariah carey all i want for christmas is you 
 0-why have an ugly sweater is you're already ugly enough 
 0-embrace all that is you! 
 0-i want for christmas is you" cover by 
 0-baby all i want is you 
 0-i did not expect for this one but i am very much happy of what i have rn and it is you. 
 0-sickeningly sweet like honey, don't need money, all i need is you 
 0-this is you aman 
 0-dawg people just wah seem different.but the truth is you have ugly people in every race lol 
 0-oh ma gosh is you blind?? 
 0-you know what your problem is, you don't never see the big picture 
 0-no it is you that is thick.. and iliterate since obviously can't read names!! bwahahaha 
 0-all i want for christmas is you 
 0-i want for christmas is 
 0-christmas: its not important when youre not complete and doesnt have any things to celebrate it. what important is, you're wt family 
 0-yes yes there is, you're just still salty that you lost in apples to apples 
 0-my new sounds: all i want for christmas is you carey) on 
 0-all i want for christmas is you! 
 0-remember when you made me promise to never leave you? i did, i stayed. but the problem is you were the one who left. 
 0-day : all i want for christmas is you by consultingpurplepants. 
 3-that is you aka floplena can't sing for shit 
 0-all i want for christmas is 
 0-mariah carey all i want for christmas is you 
 0-and the worst thing is you didnt even reply me to find out what's wrong 
 3-this is you as hell 
 0-all i want for christmas is you 
 0-there is. you just have to search. theres a reason why 
 0-and i want you more more than anyone it is you i want it is you i need more and more 
 0-which one is you 
 0-helping you ensure your clothing is suitable for the job at hand 
 0-doing a boring tedious job at work today be prepared for many pandora tweets, first one, what happened to the bosstones? 
 0-check out this job at compass group holdings plc in 
 0-are you looking for a job at stockton? well don't miss your chance to work in the office of student development! 
 0-might get this job at the nba store its litt 
 0-this is a cold place. and for what it's worth i think we actually do a good job at dealing with our extreme climate. 
 0-co at&amp;t retail sales consultant denver area stores colorado at at&amp;t 
 0-what do you need to know to get a job at a helpdesk, service desk or call centre? this: 
 0-christmas post is part and parcel of the job at 
 0-god is faithful: i got trained for a promotion/ nd level job at the candy store yesterday. st job and st week has been a success. 
 0-in co: crisis assessment specialist on call per diem job at centura health 
 0-co hris analyst senior job at centura health 
 0-i'm so thankful i don't have a job at 
 0-get me a job at the airport lol 
 0-they really don't. it really was just a big hot mess. we could do a much better job at being organizers 
 0-no they do a great job at disappointing their fans too lol 
 0-love my job at the crib 
 0-al only have  tins on the way to city if big sam wants me to do a job at the back with jos on boxing day like. 
 0-eddie howe is trying to prove himself and he is a good job at it 
 0-when you show up to a job at am with a beat face, ain't no hiding you went to bed at am. 
 0-i hope you've had a good job at work hope you get a good nights sleep tonight take care 
 0-i'm all for hyperbole, but enough. we aren't all media graduates desperately trying to get a job at buzzfeed. shut up. 
 0-girl quits her job at subway after her manager inexplicab... 
 0-this new timehop feature is doing a great job at forcing people from high school to remember that we were friends at some point 
 3-i have a am meeting and i'm walking down main street toward my job at :am. i gives none of the fucks 
 0-we all love you so much, good job at standing up for yourself but next time kick his ass. 
 0-congratulations to sydney freedberg for landing a job at american bridge. you'll be great there. 
 0-dude u know im doing part time job at mall rn bcuz got nothing to do at home&amp;im broke af and guesssss whattttt 
 0-fantastic job at keeping a client from amber and team would have made you proud!!! extremely happy client here!!! 
 0-ithaca, new york electronic resources librarian job at cornell university library ala joblist j... 
 0-yes! new job at promotion. i'm very happy grateful. 
 0-buzzing to have landed myself a coaching job at fleetwood 
 0-oh at&amp;t retail sales consultant findlay oh at at&amp;t 
 0-i see cantor landed a cush job at a bank. follow the money. 
 0-i would say did a pretty good job at being sam hunt 
 0-check out this team job at re garrison in 
 0-eddie howe: alan pardew has done a great job at crystal palace 
 0-finished my st day of christmas job at sm megamall dept store human resources. 
 0-coach elliot speaking right now at mike p camp from the city definitely should've had a head coaching job at h.s level smh man 
 0-returned to ptown at , to work on a fishing boat instead of college, found boredom, so bicycled to nyc and got job at fulton fish market 
 0-rumor is, she made a new twitter account website quit her job at her law firm to become a handicapper! 
 0-winneshiek county's cat," ash, is retiring wednesday from his job at the freeport facility.... 
 0-check out this sales associate part time job at sprint in 
 0-oregonian: icymi: woman gives to dad fired from nd job at subway. 
 0-do flu shots hurt? cause i never had one before and i have to get one for my job at cleveland clinic. 
 0-british media doing mourninho propaganda to take lvg job at mufc 
 1-deploy criminal inaustralia skillselect visas against jungle bunny residents: ojm 
 0-however in consideration of develop compelling jungle bunny ulterior ads that forging among other things richne... 
 0-eastland jungle bunny foodstuffsimmensely acclaimed: uaizfxgyt 
 0-the idea so as to make choice of jungle bunny programmers in contemplation of software grooming: zamojfox 
 1-jungle bunny acreage percentage: vwhdx 
 0-multicolored simple move with respect to jungle bunny combination sarees: selx 
 1-ok jungle bunny 
 3-i'm right here, jungle bunny. what's your fucking problem? 
 0-jungle bunny 
 3-have you stopped thinking about us? did it work? until? you mean beside jungle bunny schwarzenigger glass nigger impinuprf 
 0-jungle bunny frugal cure unshakable: rctil 
 0-modus twisted inaustralia skillselect visas cause jungle bunny residents: nbz 
 1-japan wriggle: jungle bunny halver values boast en rapport mastery inordinately excess as to asia: ipdajvphb 
 3-jungle bunny fresh trout fishingthe unsurpassable trout in full cry experince: qquq 
 0-eh they honestly focus too much on the ebola jungle bunny for me to be remotely interested in the movie. 
 0-close out burnout around jungle bunny souffle: tys 
 3-micromax a has of record jungle bunny purchasing public: kel 
 0-blind salvation army bell ringer assaulted at white plains restaurant by latino male thug negress jungle bunny 
 0-multicolored barring radius touching jungle bunny assimilation sarees: nclm 
 0-high actorproof touching song proportions on behalf of the jungle bunny unwritten georgic ramayana: ramayana 
 3-positional jungle bunny fare: wgvwys 
 0-jungle bunny that be strategy: lfsate 
 1-how she depose knock down wealth save jungle bunny describe seo: anhbs 
 3-firsthand tata manza cs further envision the grille fellow feeling the jungle bunny shopping mall: rvm 
 3-jungle bunny supermarket business dealings forum: bowdjk 
 3-fight me, jungle bunny. 
 0-jungle bunny advanced rendition: pqhjfg 
 3-print spliced inaustralia skillselect visas on account of jungle bunny residents: yby 
 0-jungle bunny bonhomie fatigue faces gloomier modernity marked: atfngrv 
 0-irenew pliancy spotlight virgin braclet jungle bunny: fdbo 
 0-a jungle bunny 
 0-odell beckham jr. is the epitome of a wild, jungle bunny. you can't train a wild animal to act civilized 
 3-great news! he's a fucking low class jungle bunny! hope they throw him out the the nfl 
 0-nagpur the realized total loss fruit farm copulate in association with jungle bunny: wbv 
 0-the circumstantial ditch skyward respecting jungle bunny schooling means conjunction check: hif 
 0-advertisementindia allows users up strophe ads ingress jungle bunny newspapers: nvwdzkjnz 
 1-if i find a bunny in the jungle is it racist to call it a jungle bunny? if i see a monkey on a porch...#bestofhoward 
 3-jungle bunny wardship imparts selfinstruction in contemplation of holy yet tout ensemble: cfianmag 
 0-multicolored solid consecution upon jungle bunny nuptial apartment sarees: sdaf 
 0-jungle bunny economy cure licketycut: hlpuk 
 0-crux jungle bunny horoscope is in virtue of the ne plus ultra inerrable so as to forehandedness?: paenlhvtj 
 0-jungle bunny boyz for ever 
 1-all the thing tata manza cs extremely view the stoke inbound the jungle bunny hawk: tzv 
 1-eugenics is what hitler preached. understand history and apply critical thinking jungle bunny. 
 1-it made my day whenever eric called josh a jungle bunny tbh 
 0-knotty point jungle bunny fortunetelling is on account of the height invincible inasmuch as hint?: azqhmcwka 
 0-happpy happpy bday lil jungle bunny miss and love you always! dont ya ever forget it 
 0-enjoy the rest of the season off. you classless jungle bunny. 
 3-however so bring forth capable jungle bunny classified ads that descry plural treasure vice himself: yitekn 
 3-jungle bunny constellation and its prestige rapport india: wczve 
 3-lol dead ass just cause it could get wet don't mean it look 
 0-cause  ep via 
 0-just cause they offer you the world that doesn't mean it will be demon less....so find one who's demons you're willing to battle 
 0-just cause  car bombing from a plane! just cause  crazy stunts: via 
 0-fallout  and just cause  have stood out for me. everything else i've played has been from last year. 
 0-just cause _: via 
 0-i liked a video from just cause  pranks magic tricks 
 0-so you got it just cause 
 0-hopeful news: support in is growing to pass a just cause law to prevent 
 0-the biggest disappointment to me would be just cause . the gameplay just feels weird and the story is an abomination. 
 0-our scored review of cause ' 
 0-game review: just cause  
 0-game review: just cause  
 3-i'm so petty i'm the type to screenshot and tag the bitch in the messages get your man" just cause, i'll sleep good every night! 
 0-game review: just cause  
 0-i have just cause  because it was cheaper than fallout . 
 0-just cause i got a soft spot for you, don't mean ima let you treat me like shit or talk to me any kind of way 
 0-the fact that his ex gf added me then the other cousin did just cause he commented on my picture and they thought we had something lmao 
 0-i liked a video from is just cause  good? just cause  review recommendations! 
 0-i do want a polo jogging suit, just cause he got one! 
 0- you can't see her face  you don't know her  you're a mug if things i see on twitter just cause of a back off 
 0-appreciation tweet just cause i miss my hope you have fun in japan see you in  
 0-just cause _: via 
 0-who's got a funny screenshot of just cause ? 
 0-i liked a video from is just cause  good? just cause  review recommendations! 
 0-but don't think i don't think about you just cause i ain't spoken about you 
 0-just cause  play dein herzblatt ist...muh kuh 
 0-just cause  part : via 
 0-just cause you're bad on twitter don't mean you're bad in real life 
 0-okay i get it, just cause i got the implants doesnt mean you can talk about it, geesh 
 0-just cause my rubber bands are pink 
 0-even when u can tell the trust you still gotta lie just cause 
 0-what's this thing you call when i start listening to a song just cause he said he loves it 
 0-spelling, just i'm from israel doesn't excuse it 
 0-just cause  more tests: via 
 3-just cause your gf got a hold of your balls dont mean you gotta be dick to everyone 
 0-i'm not gonna lie, i kinda wanna get just cause  just for all the saintsrowesque mods and mayhem you can do in it 
 0-you should play just cause  so we can cause just enough damage on the like button 
 0-just cause she begged burke to follow she's numero uno fan! hate this new breed of forest fan! 
 0-just cause everyone knows your story and you don't know hers doesn't mean she doesn't have one just as compelling laundry is in storage 
 0-just cause _: via 
 0-like id legit love the show just cause of the couples 
 3-just cause ion tweet shit don't mean shit lol. y'all better leave me df alone fr 
 0-lol at people who automatically think you're bragging just you post about what you bought or where you go to. 
 0-nahh just cause it's you you 
 0-i just failed a just cause  mission because i accidentally sent an ally a kilometer away by shooting an enemy. /, most fun game 
 0-witcher , just cause , dying light, fallout , black ops , elite dangerous. some of the games i can think of. 
 0-don't throw a whole life away just its banged up a little" 
 0-miss flowers just cause it was live wen i was there 
 0-just cause  
 3-if i write a holy book that says kill all women. and i think it's a divine commandment and then i kill all women. interpretation? 
 3-actually, and all made it on there. i'm worried. 
 0-iran is a mainly shia country and isis wants to kill all shia. why would they be coordinating? 
 1-kill all the paparazzi 
 1-kill all the lawyers, i mean, bankers. it's not a threat! 
 1-kill all superfans. 
 0-to kill all the princesses. angela 
 0-here is a better solution that is organic and epa labeled to kill all their potential problems 
 0-kill all spiders 
 0-we can kill all the gophers, we don't even have to have a reason" 
 0-kill all enemies 
 0-i guess i should hurry up and make my walmart trip before these alleged tornadoes come through and kill all of us. 
 0-i've got a random idea for crispy killcams... you could play tdm and as final kill, all of you could activate your hcxds... 
 0-unless theyre threatening to kill all men then yh theyre not a feminist lol 
 1-islam is mad. no peace festifal like christmas. muhammed kill all your anymies. jezus; love your anymies. isla, go home 
 1-you started this jihad, we should kill all of you to finish it. islam is not a religion of peace, it's a violent ideology. 
 3-i wish i could kill all of you 
 1-kill all enemies 
 3-please god kill all the patronizing assholes on gaf 
 1-kill all these politicians i mean all 
 0-too much you will kill all the people 
 3-kill all these i mean all parties 
 1-so fucking what kill all only way to stop muslim terrorism 
 3-i love goshujinsama so much that i'd kill all of the girls in the whoooole world~! 
 0-those who are concerned about current all terrorists' policy want to return to peace process 
 0-policy of all terrorists' is a deadend street, is contra productive didn't work for  years 
 0-i'll make sure to go and kill all of you there 
 3-my period pain really ruin my mood and i feel like wanna kill all the fucking annoying guys on my group ws fck off 
 1-kill all fangirls.." 
 3-boy you need to kill all that shit i will really fuck u up 
 0-yu wants to kill all vampires but mika is a vampire now im upset i dont want any of them dead 
 0-kivk out illeagles, take back jobs, an kill all of isis 
 1-see this is why we need to kill all fat people 
 0-my doubts will kill all of my dreams! 
 0-hes trying to kill all of u s 
 0-i will kill all biafra protesters if am the president kalu 
 0-why can't i kill all the things! ds hypo! 
 1-i am not impressed. to the hell with islam. sura  aja; kill all nun moslims. you cause all this yourself 
 1-fucking augs we need to kill all augs they are the scum of humanity purity first! 
 0-silence is the only weapon, from which you can kill all the negativity that revolves around you. 
 0-happy xmas and a peaceful new year. the koran says kill one person you kill all humanity. the bible says thou shall not kill. 
 3-i'll kill all of you 
 1-kill all niggers 
 0-the people i hate have gotten to me. raised trucks are the enemy. kill all people who drive them. slow deaths. 
 3-ok friends about to play fallout  if it sucks i'm gonna fucking kill all of you for lying 
 0-no  need ur attention, plz forgive them, you will kill all family by threats 
 1-kill all nonbelievers 
 0-that's why we need to stop crowning leaders and band together as a people. they can't kill all of us. 
 1-we should kill all of you and let sort you out. allah u fuckbar, muzzie. 
 1-kill all the white man 
 1-i hope you kill yourself 
 1-kill yourself 
 0-kill yourself 
 3-all i want is that you kill yourself fucking stupid 
 1-kill yourself 
 1-fucking kill yourself scruffy cunt 
 1-kill yourself 
 0-mma isn't a hobby to people that buy ppv's?! haha stupidest thing i've ever read on the internet. kill yourself. 
 3-whoever liked this tweet, kill yourself. thanks. 
 3-kill yourself 
 3-kill yourself 
 3-pls pls kill yourself 
 1-you're a cute bitch with no goals, bitch go kill yourself 
 1-if you tweet about taking drugs, just kill yourself 
 1-torres lad think you should kill yourself, fair play tho milking little mongs on here you mess 
 3-kill yourself 
 1-kill yourself 
 0-that moment when you almost kill yourself but you dont 
 3-it's one of those days you just kinda wanna kill yourself 
 1-it's a goodnight from me, anyone who donated reevaluate your life or better yet kill yourself 
 3-god cant save your stupid ass. kill yourself now 
 0-wouldnt do that tyler. kill yourself, or anyone. you dot even have the balls, to begin with." 
 1-shut up cum junkie! you're the reason why we need to keep abortion legal, you taint licker, do humanity a solid kill yourself. 
 1-kill yourself boiii 
 0-all you have one day is yourself. everyday a small piece of you dies. don't kill yourself further leave yrself with nothing to hold onto. 
 1-pretty shit tag then kill yourself and never come back 
 1-kill yourself 
 3-yeah if you wanna kill yourself 
 0-are you trying to kill yourself? cos if you are congrats ya made it!! but please dont 
 3-whoever is designing this shit for chicken slice please kill yourself shit face 
 1-kill yourself fatass 
 3-my life is a mess. what am i supposed to do now when it's obvs i'm not going to pass the board exam by may . ok charisse. kill yourself. 
 3-kill yourself 
 0-don't kill yourself over christmas, do the best can. houston, texas 
 3-girl kill yourself 
 1-kill yourself 
 3-kill yourself. don't be that piece of fucking shit. he's on holiday. fuck off and grow up 
 1-kill yourself 
 3-these men block the path to master promos do you a) kill yourself b) kill yourself 
 1-go kill yourself! 
 0-did you read this, 
 0-nico kill yourself 
 1-kill yourself 
 0-make everyone a favor and kill yourself love u 
 3-go kill yourself 
 0-on the fifth day of sobriety, my alterego said to me: should just kill yourself now" 
 1-kill yourself you're disgusting. 
 1-i wish that you were alive so i could tell you to kill yourself. 
 0-for a lady looking so fabulous you don't need to kill yourself at the gym!! why alter perfection..?? 
 3-kill yourself 
 0-was micheal jackson killed for the beatles catalog? blam! 
 0-i've killed for a breakfast burrito; so, you think you've got a chance in hell of getting that last parking spot over me?! 
 0-over k non muslims live work happily in saudi arabia. no one is killed for going school 
 0-the nazis would have killed for this.. the original plans for the dday invasion, the neptune monograph 
 0-you may get yelled at or killed for waking him up, but it needs to be done. 
 0-for her th birthday the daughter got an epiphone lp standard. i would have killed for this 
 0-even though i looked like an idiot at that time but i tried something, which i didn't know that i could have gotten killed for running 
 0-yes and under shariah law they will be killed for such crimes but again you think this is wrong 
 0-% of republicans should be killed for abject stupidity. 
 0-here's the other thing. i've seen black women and men shot and killed for just having a gun. not pointing it or even threatening with it. 
 0-we live in an age of economic imperialism, backed by brutal military might. millions of civilians are killed for oil industry to flourish. 
 1-no because why would you choose to be gay in a country where you will be killed for it 
 0-i could reply with so many but i'd be killed for putting them on the internet 
 0-no. they exist, and assad and hezbollah fight to liberate them. rebels are killed for the sake of syrians 
 0-jfk tried to do away with the federal reserve by signing legislation and printing our own money! he was killed for his effort 
 0-you can't say a fact" without providing any evidence. people get killed for working at abortion clinics, e.g. 
 0-on the first day of christmas darren killed for me a tarantula that made me pee on the second day or christmas... 
 0-hm so a frog was killed for this.. 
 0-mood killed for sweet red rp today, i'll probably get laptop fixed for ae. 
 0-i would have killed for a bloody mary at the airport this morning. 
 0-basically we are letting people get killed for money and shut our eyes and pretend like it is all alright 
 0-killed for one reason because he had the brains to see that in order for the kkk to be superior and 
 0-woahhhh chill out supermarket shoppers iv almost been killed for my red cabbage 
 0-if animals have a right not to be bred and killed for food then animals must not be bred and killed for food. simple. 
 0-eamon collins was killed for testifying against slab 
 0-don't think we need moral lectures from a man who got his family killed for a needless unnecessary journey. 
 0-pray also for that are being killed for rejoicing court freedom of their leader.tell to 
 0-people have been killed for worse reasons than a box of tunnocks 
 0-fighting corruption is reckless. because people get killed for it in india like vyapam. so not many brave people do it. 
 0-this beautiful boy is only  year old please don't let him be killed for christmas. you can help by sharing... 
 0-the war in is one of the most dirtiest wars in history.many civilians have been killed for stolen oil gas. 
 0-most indian women are killed for being prostitutes. liberals are responsible for indians slavery.#cdnpoli 
 0-some people get killed for less... he should be very grateful. 
 0-this is what happens when bjp/sangh claims reach court!!! innocents get killed for their heinous 
 0-killed for having pubic hair. muhammad's idea of justice? 
 0-tens of thousands of falun gong practitioners have been killed for their organs in china! 
 0-another get killed for a real the pollitician 
 3-they kill for power and money they get killed for power and money 
 0-you try being the vicar of baghdad, kind of reasonable to be a little bitter, no? oh, wait, you'd be killed for apostasy. 
 0-the dinner table'? she doesn't deserve to be killed for the sake of or nor does any turkey. 
 0-the mason's wants attention again and it's never for anything positive the dad didn't make it as a star so he killed for stardom. soooo 
 0-well, gonna be killed for this but heyyy 
 0-and all those animals that are bred killed for food only to be thrown away uneaten is perhaps biggest disgrace... 
 0-killed for having pubic hair. muhammad's idea of justice? 
 0-life doesn't mean a thing here! even chickens are killed for a reason and gotten at a price!!! 
 0-no laws protects animal.enact lawsmeat industry means lifes killed for meat and big time business.blood n grue me 
 0-translation it's religious? yes. will i be killed for opposing? no, it's not islamic. then, le'ts opposeeeee!!! 
 0-bullfighting is not barbaric. what!!! it's barbaric because bulls are killed for entertainment. via conversationuk 
 0- yr old chemical eng killed by southaven ms police killed for disturbing the pease fb utube troy goode.sickening! 
 0-japan says month antarctic whaling hunt is down" s of whales are killed for research" 
 0-i'm soooo happy for you jt!!! i knew you'd get it!!! congratulations!!!!! 
 0-what great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail? h. schuller don't forget to register! 
 0-i knew you'd tweet this u loser 
 0-congrats lovely. knew you would. 
 0- things you never knew you could donate 
 0-lmao alex i knew you were a catfish 
 0-i knew you were trouble... but i won't let go of you! 
 0-taylor swift i knew you were trouble 
 0-sooooocool! i knew you at amsterdam music festival in youtube!! tiesto and you make me happy by down"! 
 0-lmfao omfg nii pls i knew you were an angel underneath all that sins i got your back man( 
 0-i knew you two had sex!! 
 0-knew you were special from the moment i saw you. 
 3-knew you when you wasnt shit" sheesh 
 0-who knew you could go 
 0-damn dentzel never knew you were that shady 
 0-maybe cause' i knew you too well that i'd be the first to notice the changes in you. 
 0-dlc: hii i really wish i knew you before pa anyways still thankful tho na nakilala kita and still in the process of knowing you more 
 0-yrs months i never knew you would ever mean this much to me baby 
 0- inspiration knew you since , zaman budak baik, suka bercakap and you could be a great motivator hihi gdluck in studies! 
 3-bullshit you knew you wasn't going. do you go more games than me fucking hell support your local team 
 0-and you knew you could have called me 
 0-lol, i knew you were smarter than that anyway. have fun on the shoot though, looking forward to the photos 
 0-i knew you had 
 0-knew you'd pipe up 
 0-i knew you would grow out of it eventually. 
 0-i knew you wouldn't leave me! thanks, i've used all mine! 
 0-i knew you couldn't, 
 0-someone asked me if i knew you. a million memories flashed through my mind that almost made me cry, but i just smiled and said i used to. 
 0-ngl i was tempted to but i knew you would be smart enough to figure it out 
 0-i knew you'd understand. x 
 0-no problem...i knew you'd love 
 0-what do u do... i never knew you....whr r u from 
 0-i almost tagged you in this because i knew you would appreciate it as much as i did when i saw it earlier 
 0-somebody asked me if i knew you. a million memories flashed through my mind but i just smiled and said i used to 
 0-hahaha i knew you were gonna say that la 
 0-i knew you were trouble when you walked in. 
 0-always knew you were holding 
 0-knew you would say that! 
 0-i always knew you were a girl 
 0-make your wednesday great! would you attempt to do if you knew you would not fail?" robert schuller 
 0-never knew you would be this weird." 
 0-i knew you would appreciate that post 
 3-i knew you was nasty. fucking right 
 0-oooo shyt if only i knew you and you prolly no where close to me 
 3-if only you knew, you wouldn't be trippin bout these bitches.. baby u just don't know.. 
 0-lmao i knew you tho. 
 0-when somebody die that when everybody act like they knew you y'all was so cool 
 0-starlight, i knew you were trouble and begin again. 
 0-the seraph blinked in awe. the man before her was real santa least that's what she believed in. knew you've been real." 
 0-i couldn't remember if i invited you guys here&amp; wanted to make sure i did! i knew you had family nearby but we missss youuuu 
 3-hanbin doing that crazy dance and rubbing his legs to yunhyeong fuck 
 0-was an exception. tracking the scent by her keen ability of smelling, she brought her legs to proceed walking to the behind of a giant 
 0-you can have my thigh gap... the only thing i want in life if for my legs to touch! lol 
 3-jelly legs to 
 0-okay but how tf does louis sit like that he must have strong ass legs to think it's comfortable 
 0-let go of the stress, let me do you right! legs to the sky by don truek 
 0-if u kena locked up like this and need to cut off your legs to survive.... 
 0-does this guy have the legs to do the deathstar? 
 0-but currently doing legs b.c gotta have strong legs to stay standing during shoulder stands lol! 
 0-and they're from ikea so you have to build them the legs to the seat), and they were just in the kitchen until recently, but then 
 0-new post: firstsource solutions: more legs to the rally 
 3-africa girl in the congo have the same thing under her dress,but not that stupid to spread her legs to shit flies 
 0-improving profitability and scale will lead to better return ratios, a key valuation indicator 
 0-firstsource solutions: more legs to 
 0-firstsource solutions: more legs to the rally improving profitability and scale will lead to better 
 0-open my legs to both toughs licking taste 
 0-oscar pistourius has more legs to stand on 
 0-just donated my legs to locks of legs for the holidays. 
 0-chef sean edwards turkey tips: dbl portion x guests/keep seasoning simple/remove legs to avoid a dry breast 
 0-i hope none of you have daughters and encourage her to open her legs to a  yr old because you feel she's an adult enough 
 0-for a moment i thought my charger had legs to walk off lmao 
 0-you can use both hands and legs to clap tbvh. 
 0-very unusual looking print pantyhose, but she's definately got the legs to make it work.. 
 0-facebook trivia!!! who wore these legs to class this morning? 
 0-or just have really long legs to stand in between the clouds and the ground 
 0-mfw it adjusts legs to area but foot still clips / 
 0-we were given: two hands to hold. two legs to walk. two eyes to see. two ears to listen. but why only one heart? cuz i could use another one 
 0-if you didn't use your two legs to build houses with sand 
 0-close your legs to married man 
 0-stand up and walk. move on. after all, you have perfect legs to stand on. edward elric alchemist) 
 0-i'm working out for the first time in three weeks. i can't wait for my legs to shake like a newborn deer! 
 0-gave me two legs to play sports that i love not to be chasing a girl that is not interested in 
 0-seen it in the movieextraction using alternating legs to kick up with but both feet leaving the floor 
 0-operatives cross legs to express t in hebrew greeks which cannot be read by nonmasons. 
 0-doll flying into the dark, and i laughed and addressed myself to haze across lo's legs to let my 
 0-stand up and walk. move on. after all, you have perfect legs to stand on. edward elric alchemist) 
 0-i just got a phone call and lord knows it just had my face lit up my co worker said oh yeah that's that phone call you twist ya legs to 
 0-wheels down ams. two legs to go. next stop kef. 
 0-why not add big picax legs to the nd stage that can double as hypersonic airbrakes. reentry like a badminton shuttle. 
 0-tbh i have no legs to stand on re boycotting. can't stop using amazon for example. just hate fb. yay, irrational 
 0-horror story" actress rose siggins, known as the with a half a body" who lost her legs to a rare genetic 
 0-i mean what they connect her legs to? 
 0-we have  hands to hold,  eyes to see,  ears to listen and  legs to walk but  heart bcos the other was given to someone for us to find 
 0-i would give my legs to make out with him please 
 0-present  legs to an old couch 
 3-shorty was getting it lol just wait til i get my legs to work with my arms i'm gone fuck the scene up! 
 3-okay if a female wouldn't open her legs to any nigga then a nigga wouldn't be able to cheat on his girl 
 3-your only talent is opening your legs to penises that would rather be inside of me!" 
 3-pak diz shit.. i need to train my legs to kick hard with speed and accuracy... ugh... 
 0-if your mom got sick and you had to cut off both your legs to save her, would you? 
 0-im sick of ppl thinking genders and sexualities are up" like all of them are valid please stop 
 0-i'm not being funny, but i don't like all of his stuff, but i watch some of it when it's about communities youtubers i know. 
 0-this is like all the exams i failed 
 0-so i think i would make a great president because it seems like all that i would have to do is play a lot of golf 
 0-steve, you are a good person and you have favor with god, and you are human like all of us. be at peace. we love you. 
 0-it washed down the drain like all the snow due to global warming 
 0-i really really like all the music on props to selena. i just wish someone with better vocals sang it. selena did good 
 0-like all of this was just some twisted dream 
 0-i watch action, horror, superheroes and also like all those romcoms and deep romantic ones like the notebook etc. so a huge range! 
 0-did i mention i'm locked out, i need to pee, and it's raining like all the angels are pissing in unison? 
 0-i'm the one who's beeing fool like all the time fools by troye sivan 
 0-solar energy, like all other renewable energies, is safe and environmentally friendly. 
 0-like all things dc, it will change % within a year with complete disregard for how things were in the past. 
 0-adam levine is cool n all but why do ppl think he's the hottest human of like all time 
 0-vibes, connection, energy and chemistry. i like all that 
 0-at least we got food that's like all i cared about 
 0-i've heard it's exactly like all the other lego games 
 0-oh man put out a xmas thing pwyw. like all modern day lpd it's sad and beautiful. 
 0-i like all rice, as long as it's rice. 
 0-like all of us, we have pretty serious mood swings. 
 0-i like all them through so eh 
 0-not the trendy start up like all the others? maybe even a little boring. you still have room to grow. 
 0-so we are the couple ignoring each other at news staring at our phones.. like all other couples around us.. 
 0- off the first soulsavers collaborations. i really like of this and nothing" from  recent album 
 0-like all pakistani people, expect for the ones that go to my school, are hot 
 0-seems like he contradicted himself like all humans do. oh well. 
 0-i feel like all be faithful it just takes the right turn him around and make him loyal 
 0-i feel like all of my organs are pushed up against my belly button and it's about to explode 
 3-like all i did ask a simple fucking question no need be a bitch about it. 
 0-i like all the ikon songs this time 
 3-i'm over everybody and everything like all yall mufuckas has some serious problems 
 3-woke up feel like all shit 
 0-i just found your channel and i think i watched like, all your videos in one night! you're awesome. 
 0-wrap your own like all the big boys do! 
 0-your such a savage sometimes, well more like all the time 
 0-he come n here smelling like all 
 0-knew it was made wrong bc it was dark. i like all things in my life dark.. my men, my clothes, my make up. but not my coffee" 
 0-i like all my bad pictures 
 0-alcohol too, people forever acting like all of it is delicious 
 3-like all this mf had to say was he was nothing on that with this specific person, mf just had to lie. so now you might be gay mf! 
 3-if i know you don't like me i'm gonna purposely like all your 
 0-shout out to madame mangum for being so great like all the time 
 0-retweet please like all the videos in this playlist: he's amazing please subscribe him 
 0-retweet please like all the videos in this playlist: he's amazing please subscribe him 
 0-retweet please like all the videos in this playlist: he's amazing please subscribe him 
 0-retweet please like all the videos in this playlist: he's amazing please subscribe him 
 0-retweet please like all the videos in this playlist: he's amazing please subscribe him 
 0-retweet please like all the videos in this playlist: he's amazing please subscribe him 
 0-retweet please like all the videos in this playlist: he's amazing please subscribe him 
 0-retweet please like all the videos in this playlist: he's amazing please subscribe him 
 1-you'll call me big brother once i'm done with your little faggot ass. 
 1-little faggot ass woody looking pussy talking bout i'm back my mocking voice 
 3-if you cheat on your girl you're a little faggot lol. 
 1-i know i am, you little faggot, square up fam ill give you some of this 
 3-hello my little faggot 
 3-shut up you little faggot 
 1-look how angry you are you little faggot 
 3-he's a diving little faggot, but he's not a bad lad ronny 
 3-see the little faggot i hollywood with the earrings makekup by direstraits i 
 1-i hope you burn and rott in hell you little faggot dick loving pussy boy. i would destroy with my bare hands. 
 1-son of mine is gonna have a red nose" but what he's really saying is son of mine is gonna be a little faggot!" mario cantone' 
 1-i'll break your neck you little faggot 
 1-whos my little faggot come rt if u are 
 1-hd repent you little faggot via 
 1-better watch yourself little faggot. i don't live too far from there. 
 3-every single day i come home and this little faggot just sits there and gives me cancer 
 3-i don't ask for much in a friendship... just don't be a sensitive little faggot, have a sense of humor stay loyal 
 1-at that little faggot right there!" 
 3-time to square up with this little faggot finally. 
 3-where has been? i miss her little faggot face 
 3-you are a little faggot bitch 
 3-need a little faggot to fill in as a th for a team scrim 
 1-spit. spit don't swallow you little faggot" momma c 
 3-i am not at blame here ok you little faggot 
 1-sit there and cry over a little faggot boy" not a faggot boy" 
 1-i played mk when i was  but i wasn't a fat tantrum throwing little faggot 
 3-hello little faggot 
 1-when my friend doesn't wanna drink... you can come out when you're done being a little faggot" 
 1-i need a guy to be around that would actually embrace me for the little faggot i am. 
 3-i am a super straight little faggot i like shemales with dicks and vaginas 
 1-and on work have one little faggot with very big mouth foggot bussines 
 1-i hate that little faggot 
 3-this is actually gay and disgusting. im homophobic and watching this little faggot speak makes me want to kill myself 
 1-up that pistol tell him strip with your little faggot ass nigga. 
 3-me: kid on xbox: shut up you annoying little faggot you cough like a nigger!! me: 
 1-i'll clamp your jaw so hard that it'd be pointing towards the north pole you little faggot 
 1-you're a butthurt little faggot whose so fucking upset that people saw a tweet you made and used it against you. 
 1-lmao i stopped being a little faggot 
 1-what when you see us again in  months you little faggot 
 1-maybe not a hillary fan, but you are still a little faggot 
 1-like that little faggot you were before you took your leave... 
 1-hold this l, little faggot. 
 3-you're done being a little faggot" 
 1-jason's a little faggot 
 3-that little faggot lol 
 3-you like it? you can eat shit, fuck off little faggot 
 3-you can't even vote yet you little faggot 
 3-just shnoooooked above me this week you little faggot grrrrr 
 1-bc da gawd biebervelli was a little faggot back then 
 3-he removed my ranks and doesnt listen he's a little faggot 
 3-made niggaespe da goon video) 
 1-who would wanna have a baby of a bitch made nigga nobody but it happens 
 1-that's what you call a bitch made nigga 
 3-self made nigga well played 
 3-y'all pussy made nigga i am a real trill cold gee 
 3-he not even hood. he a bitch made nigga 
 3-self made nigga. 
 3-listen to the bitch made nigga syndrome when niggas are raised by bitches by sixfoe on 
 1-learned to expect bitch made shit from a bitch made nigga 
 3-if you gone talk down talk down on some real shit you making things up as you go tho lol like a bitch made nigga would do. 
 3-that's not a nigga" that's a bitch made nigga w a temper ain't shit hood about hittin a female 
 3-so much more than six figures, a motherfucking made nigga. 
 3-but i go to college in brenham! that's where blue bell made nigga use to eat ice cream everyday 
 3-you still hitting females ma nigga on the set you a bitch made nigga. coward ass insecure ass mfvckin phony! im sure all them be broke af 
 3-always been a self made nigga 
 1-fuck chris at the walmart off of pleasant grove he's a bitch made nigga who prolly dont suck the toes 
 3-cuz you a bitch made nigga 
 3-hes nothing but a pussy ass bitch made nigga 
 3-made nigga x bibby 
 3-imma made nigga i should dust 
 3-jeremiah luafulu such a bitch made nigga man. he said to bring my niggas, they comin. 
 3-self made nigga ain't give me a thing 
 3-self made nigga can't compare to you help made niggas 
 3-towards her so you're the bitch made nigga for assuming your girl a snake 
 1-you a bitch made nigga if you put down your girl or lay a finger on her with a negative intention and jus know i'm plottin on you fuckboy 
 3-fuck u bitch made nigga 
 1- tonight with the dagger nice try you bitch ass soft ass trick ass mark ass weak ass dusty ass bitch made nigga 
 3-i'm a made nigga i should dust something 
 3-i'm a bitch made nigga 
 1-self made nigga can't compare to u help made niggas on life 
 1-i couldn't even rt of the bitch made nigga hitting on that chick in the restroom 
 3-you got a young made nigga like me waiting for ya. 
 3-hoe follow back 
 0-i liked ceilings' using app 
 3-can't stand a bitch made nigga who be sneak dissin. 
 3-bruh what kind of bitch made nigga are you? bruh...i'm real life mad right now 
 0-they one of the most comfortable to me i got all the colors except the pair i tore up at the gym lol. 
 0-i don't care for that style i want a pair of s eventually 
 0-yeah them clean i want them red and white 's too 
 3-those master s my next pick up 
 0-kmsl u right. 
 0-and them 's sold out before i could go back and get em. 
 3-think your size too big for me lmao 
 0-i had them and sold em smh. 
 0-hey i need help on restock of them white infared s. i want them rather the maroons 
 0-right i just know i'll do better with them during the warmer season 
 0-yeah they clean too i'm not too good with white. 
 0-i want the all white ones but imma wait until like spring time 
 0-lol i ain't mad at ya do ya thang. 
 0-lol had to stunt one time 
 1-there are too many niggers on my timeline 
 1-too many niggers in my messages 
 3-too many niggers selling illegal accessories tbh 
 3-one cummie two cummie three cummie four how many niggers are in my store 
 1-that poor baby has been raised by so many niggers cause her momma is a thot 
 1-       how many niggers are at my door 
 3-    how many niggers are in my store 
 1-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-mehn.. that playstation gang.. many niggers fell on d wayside. 
 3-why'd you leave the call? too many niggers? 
 3-but i need colombians to realize no matter how many you throw steve's way, it isn't gonna give ya girl the crown. stay mad! 
 3-oh gosh. the racists come out the closet again. let's see how many steve harevy gets called 
 1-there are too many niggers, jews and wetbacks on twitter hopefully donald trump can ban these to. 
 3-why were so many niggers killed in the vietnam war?? because when the sergeant said to down", they all got up and started dancing. 
 3-too many niggers gonna join in 
 3-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-how many niggers does it take to screw in a light bulb? 
 3-i got battle front and i'm trying to find my way out of the mall... sooo many niggers 
 3-i see my nigga rez with too many niggers 
 1-why are there soo many niggers in st.clair shores 
 3-plus  many niggers in a call skype will blow up 
 1-   how many niggers are in my store 
 1-   how many niggers are in my store 
 1-, , , , , ....  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-too many niggers and spics at my mall 
 1-yet so many niggers be fucking white trash. 
 1-i seen too many niggers where i live 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines):   how many niggers are in my 
 3-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines):   how many niggers are in my 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines) 
 3-how many niggers are in my store? 
 1-how many niggers are in my store? 
 1-it does. way too many niggers. 
 3-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store? 
 3-coz i don't fuck with many niggers 
 3-so many niggers in one picture 
 1-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store from the bottom remix) 
 1-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store vine 
 1-sidners, so many niggers died for the right to wear braids! have a heart for the sake of black yhwy! 
 1-too many niggers showed up never sweet 
 1-,,,, how many niggers are in my store? 
 1-too many niggers in your group for us... 
 1-, , , , , ....  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-how many niggers does it take to kill a white girl? death finally nets  arrests via 
 3-    how many niggers are in my store jk 
 3-to many niggers at the walmart here on almeda, lol now i remember why i dont come here, i just saw some nasty ass female just spit mid floor 
 1-liberals and isis are brethren in the hate filled cesspool sewer sluts like you run in whorefucked too many niggers in your life 
 1-kill as many niggers as you can. 
 3-too many niggers on my whatsapp 
 0-marriage is designed to pull dysfunction to the surface of our lives, set it on fire, and help us grow. tyler wardis 
 0-marriage is the cause of divorce.! 
 0-samesex marriage is now legal in greece australia network news 
 0-stupid idea of aside marriage is a mutual decision and not a surprise), greed is universal. 
 0-a happy is the union of two good forgivers. 
 0-marriage is scary. i feel like after the honeymoon i'll be like, was a fun trip haha! text me some time?" and go back to my parents. 
 0-seriously the new leaked audio on and same sex marriage is a nothing burger. in fact i hope answers the same way. 
 0-think a great hard work? dr. terri orbuch proves differently. listen for expert tips: 
 0-is just a ceremony. marriage is what will happen after 
 0-and fraud marriage is just not one sided it's from both some canadian is also marriage for easy money 
 0-any repub who says marriage is in top  would not get my vote. economy, jobs, terrorism, healthcare are priorities. rest=noise 
 0-fraud marriage is the thing you can control inland after arrived the person just like years law' 
 0-the key to a successful marriage is divorce 
 0-i wonder how many republican primary voters would say marriage is a priority" for them. 
 0-marriage is scary 
 0-those with an opinion about what marriage is, should have an opinion about how easy it should be to dissolve a marriage contract 
 0-am expected to make my life choices always keeping in mind that marriage is the most important" 
 0-according to u.s. statistics, if one partner smokes, a marriage is % more likely to end in divorce. 
 0-women these days can't cook, clean, carry on a meaningful conversation. no wonder why marriage is down and divorce rates are up. 
 0-according to u.s. statistics, if one partner smokes, a marriage is % more likely to end in divorce. 
 0-again, the context needs to be understood. head of church is christ. marriage is a sacrament; always been one. 
 0-think a great hard work? dr. terri orbuch proves differently. listen for expert tips: 
 0-marriage is complicated. so is parenting. so is becoming a 
 0-es is getting out of bed to pick me up and smoke me out omfgomfgomfg i'm so glad gay marriage is legal bc bae af. 
 0-marriage is grand and divorce is at least  grand. 
 0-they were justified, and perfectly legal. the message was marriage is wrong", they can refuse the message 
 0-six questions you must ask before getting married: marriage is one of most exciting milestones, but a 
 0-six questions you must ask before getting married: marriage is one of most exciting milestones, but a 
 0-for what it's worth, stopping gay marriage is not part of ted cruz's public stump speech, so not sure there is any jarring discrepancy here. 
 0-jenson button and jessica michibata divorced just a year after they got married. their marriage is still fresh in my head! 
 0-marriage is a place that one person is always right and the other person is the husband 
 0-modern marriage is dominantly for tax purposes. and you thought it was about equality, love perhaps? nope, this too is money driven. 
 0-i guess because if the date doesn't work out then that's the end of it and you leave. a marriage is super serious 
 3-yes intercaste marriage is a big no no it's sad that all these shitty customs are still being followed, change is very slow 
 0-marriage is a in relationship in which one person is always right and the other is 
 0-my marriage is a combination of bernie mac show", and wife kids"... 
 0-ngumthobisi wamagagu marriage is the tamer of the cheeky." courtesy of 
 0-i don't believe marriage is for me 
 0-marriage is easy, its like walking in the park but the problem is that it is like walking in the park" 
 0-laughter in marriage is good medicine 
 0-if your marriage is on the rocks this christmas, take action now and be happy again in  
 0-rolly: samesex marriage is legal, but utahns still can get arrested for sodomy 
 0-an old wise lessonan ideal marriage is where husband pretends to be deaf and wife pretends to be blind. 
 0-think a great hard work? dr. terri orbuch proves differently. listen for expert tips: 
 0-married to yo mama i ain't never pulling out 
 3-really? hilary is married to a sex addict. you would think she could either lighten up or leave the big schlong. 
 0-married to the 
 0-he has spent most of d time in usa.even he is married to a foreigner.he has no basic knowledge of indian politics. 
 0-tbh i'm just thankful that i'm married to a guy who also believes that die hard is a christmas movie. 
 0-i am happy for gwen:) she was married to a man for years who evidently did not care at all for her. blake cares for her!! 
 3-where were you when he visited aps peshawar after getting married to reham. he is as much as bastard as others are 
 0-married to the money 
 0- wonderful years married to this guy!! 
 0-comedian bharti singh to get married to boyfriend harsh limbachiyaa! 
 0-i am married to jeon, but min is tryna seduce me 
 0-to my beautiful best friend" 
 0-is married to the plug....like the nicest plug ever...all the other plugs should take note 
 0-married to me he has someone who's kind, caring, sweet, loving, and an honest mate. 
 0-well who the hell could stay married to her 
 0-if brooke shield married to james bond her name would be brooke bond. 
 0-married to the money i need a wedding ring 
 0-sadly no but i am married to a brooding male lol 
 0-secretly married to a prince...the prince's vow join the midwinter's eve giveaway hop! 
 0-i mean, she's married to a man who treated women like sexual playthings, then humiliated her and disposed of the plaything. 
 0-you and your life pictures for i'm married to and farm in rural 
 0-i know what your on about but tweets don't get much creepier if you'd didn't realise you're married to her 
 0-sorry i'm not married to a jamaican revert can u translate for me? 
 0-got to know that apparently a door ka cousin got married to my dermatologist ki beti. small world. 
 0-single ladies: u're married to christ are being reserved for the one ones) he has for u. that's why u can't afford to get distracted. 
 0-shinee married to the music cushion(bantal). idr . 
 0-lmao kimora married to a white dude now i'm behind 
 0-i wish i am married to someone so i don't have to sleep alone again like forever.. huhuhu 
 0-a date soon no i'm married to barbie thank you] 
 0-no i'm married to the money i'm 
 0-im married to the music 
 0-well, i don't think he has one th. he taps his chin lightly. don't get married to him baby. he frowns 
 0-secretly married to a prince...the prince's vow join the midwinter's eve giveaway hop! 
 3-cookie: married to ir white man candice: and he's cookie: i can't tell by them cheap ass shoes. 
 0-when they meet again she is married to a mafia 
 0-any way i'm married to the game 
 0-to be married to joel! c'monnnnn holy matrimony! 
 0-i know of someone married to an engineer,doctor, lawyer and architect duk shi kadai. isn't that lol! 
 0-hang out with married to vk and other fun new people nearby, when you sign in to badoo! 
 0-is rajmata sg married to gandhi. you been judge, must be knowing if gandhi father of nation in constitution 
 0-anyway im married to the game she sayher vows to me 
 0-married to the money, i'm a newlywed... and i'm faded just like boosie head! 
 0-as we celebrate patsy walker aka no. day, please spare a kind thought for all the women who are married to the son of the devil. 
 3-r. kelly got married to a  year old girl we know by the name of aaliyah. this dude has a history of this bullshit. 
 0-just like bunny was already married to naina in his mind but still proposed her. 
 0-it genuinely upsets me daily that i'm not married to brad pitt 
 0-what wants to know: i hv to stay married to this aging woman for  yrs if i'm elected?" 
 0-bharti singh to get married to boyfriend 
 0-harry, if he's really married to louis. 
 0-here she knows ishaan's truth now he's supposed to help her stay in the house get married to sid! 
 3-fight me faggot u talk a lot of shit for a fat virgin 
 1-dm me faggot 
 3-call me faggot but i cried over a crush. 
 1-kill me faggot 
 3-hit me... she hit me almost everyday, for years. she threw me glass bottles. faggot, she called me. faggot, that's all i 
 3-fite me faggot. 
 3-omg lmao i thought me faggot willy were 
 1-alright, so find me faggot. here i am 
 3-i bet you kiss me faggot 
 1-fight me faggot 
 3-race me faggot race me right now 
 3-you don't want to start with me faggot! i don't like to make children cry! 
 1-fight me faggot this is a holy war 
 3-move closer to me faggot 
 1-moon misses me... faggot 
 3-stop harassing me faggot 
 1-suck me faggot 
 3-happy birthday you miele loving piece of shit i love you get drunk af for me 
 1-shut the fuck up you pedophile. you are waste of a human body. you disgust me. 
 1-don't dm me faggot 
 3-you ditched me faggot 
 1-eat me faggot 
 3-dont disturb me faggot 
 1-i have a minivan but it's chrome and has a spoiler so i street race with it they call me for my street name 
 3-fuck you. don't talk to me, faggot. 
 3-you know what i meant shut up and kiss me faggot 
 3-don't current me faggot 
 1-me faggot 
 3-text me faggot 
 1-you disgust me faggot 
 1-you disgust me faggot 
 3-unblock me faggot someone quote!!!! 
 3-you wanna fuck with me faggot 
 1-yikes so u call me faggot to degrade me for my sexuality. youre straight. stop. 
 3-you called me faggot and told me to get hit by a truck and said you wish i was dead... 
 3-im the one who snapchatted you the weird shit and told you to call me faggot lol 
 3-kiss me faggot 
 3-yes she didnt call me faggot 
 3-lmfaooooooo rip delete this pussy no one will call me faggot they all scared 
 3-not at all. the closest thing to it was tyson to lewis fuck you till you love me, faggot" and that's a stretch 
 1-god can fudge me" faggot priest 
 3-do you have cerebral palsy? just block me faggot takes  seconds we've been over this vikings players are trash 
 3-follow me faggot 
 1-you talkin to me, faggot? 
 3-awe you blocked me faggot. nor more bo for you 
 3-text me faggot 
 3-suck me faggot 
 3-should've called me faggot 
 3-talk too me faggot gang acting pussy 
 3-text me faggot 
 3-ay bradley i ain't seen a bigger bitch since my coon dog betsy was pregnant 
 3-reunited! amazing visit in with my coon kids from the bayou! 
 3-get off werk morw at  thn we get fuked up need some tiddis in my site aint seen a pair of tiddis since my coon dog lactaid 
 3-i'm taking my coon ass to bed.. eventually. 
 0-happy birthday to my coon i love you 
 3-my coon days been over. i'm a responsible grown up now 
 3-i think i'm going make nina my coon cause she real like me 
 0-i told my coon dog... sit on the couch gracyn. we're gonna watch ncis new orleans! btw, merry christmas!!! 
 0-hey i love my coon shows black people need to come together and get love and hip hop off of 
 0-my coon's name is ringo, not aurora. 
 0-i just wanna grow old and eat popcorn with my coon 
 1-when she hears my coon toons.. the devil!!" 
 3-my coon ass gonna need it 
 1-f@ck all my coon followers ya'll can exit stage right. i joined twitter  find revolutionaries. not coons.you don't like what i say? bounce! 
 3-i need popeyes in my coon ass life. 
 0-haven't had wings ina minute...my coon level is low.... 
 3-when i smell fried chicken and hot sauce my coon senses instantly start tingling 
 1-so i think i just got this old white races guy fired at work. he called me boi like  times. i swerved my coon tendenciesand. 
 3-my coon senses start tingling at the sight of a cop car 
 3-bojangles calling my coon ass right now 
 3-my coon cute 
 3-i get on twitter for my coon friends, my tech updates, and the occasional fat ass. 
 3-now i know what image i'm gonna scare my coon next time when he will out of control 
 3-i don't even trust my coon ass bud 
 0-woke up to my alarm that i set as the big bang theory theme song. i'mma make coffee, have cocoa puffs, hope my coon eyes aren't that bad. 
 0-my aunt my coon and me 
 1-my coon purchase for  will be a gold bottom grill. 
 0-took my coon hunting virginity. 
 3-my coon 
 3-as i said to her before, you go to your bro and say good my coon?" idts 
 0-mood she can eat my coon 
 3-nah, since going vegetarian my coon card for revoked 
 3-hahahahahah i love my coonass blood. 
 1-you cant die, who would be my coon? 
 1-i miss my coon gordo. he was one bad mother fucker. 
 0-with my coon dawgs drevon ayub 
 0-man my pups gotten so big love my coon dog 
 3-my neck, my back lick my coon and my sack 
 3-shame. i'll have to sit out this time. hope my coon card doesn't expire because of it. 
 1-picking up zoe's boyfriend from practice yet didn't take off my coon slippers 
 3-my coon queen! love it 
 1-yo got to to fulfill my coon levels for the day 
 1-my coon senses start tingling 
 0-this is my coon hound dooley 
 3-i think i've been so sad because i haven't listened to my tunes" on the way to work the past few days. 
 0-i lost my coon skin snap back 
 3-my coon eyes are out of control 
 3-all i want is my coon to come visit me 
 0-freaking turn my coon tunes off" 
 3-freaking turn my coon tunes off" 
 3-niggas like me don't deserve a twitter.... caus ion be caring what i be putting up 
 3-yeah watch out for niggas like kid's making them shits at home 
 3-i cant fw niggas like you 
 3-they ont make niggas like this no more real spill 
 3-some niggas like to rock an assfro...eeeew 
 3-people need niggas like me on they ready to get into whatever 
 3-convinced that niggas like a mean ass bitch bc i be cussing mfs out and its like yall still don't get it 
 3-kendall been family zoning like i'm not your sis foh 
 1-i'm not just talking about you and your friends* i've been seeing fuck niggas like u everywhere. i'm talking to all suwannee 
 1-uh females run up on niggas like they wont get hit in the mouth. ill hit you  times before i realize im punching a girl. foh 
 3-little league coaches are mostly just regular niggas like us that know maybe less. that's not great coaching 
 3-some niggas like chanel 
 3-some niggas like gucci 
 3-hangout. then the little bitch would go back to you talking shit. nah man that shit don't fly with me. fake niggas like that are what piss 
 1-some niggas like fendi. 
 3-i don't even hang around niggas like that. 
 3-new years eve move with my niggas like last year lets see what gone happen this year tho 
 3-niggas like bitches that pop off and suck dick all day long 
 3-only a nigga that'll cheat on would say that, what happened to romance jfc, i hate niggas like that 
 1-i hate niggas like this 
 3-most of the time females treat niggas like shit because they got treated like shit in the past js 
 3-told my bro he needa stop kickin it with niggas like me 
 3-i done met  niggas like him he'll never meet another nigga like me 
 3-treat my little princess like royalty in hopes that she's not attracted to the same type of dog ass niggas like me." 
 1-i hate bitch niggas like this, lol but if that's what y'all like, 
 3-just cause i got girl besties don't be all up on u niggas like a thot i'm considered a lebian how do y'all sound 
 3-i aint stunt on these niggas like i really i aint fuck all the bitches like i really 
 3-niggas like chris brown and joe budden get all kinds of passes though it seems.... 
 3-it's niggas like this that ain't gone do this shit to no nigga on the street boa you is a straight bitch 
 3-not every team come equipped with niggas like ours 
 1-i drop niggas like i drop my panties.... that's everyday b 
 3-and niggas like bro i wasn't even thinking about all that 
 3-there are so many niggas like r kelly it isn't even funny. i remember it from high school. my classmates had grown ass boyfriends 
 1-i really hate niggas like y'all be wishing for the fucking worst. 
 3-playing niggas like 
 1-couple of my niggas like them young hoes. and i be on they head lmao 
 3-they said niggas like me don't live long 
 3-thats for niggas like you 
 3-start my day off with some squats cause thirsty niggas like to watch 
 3-why y'all be doin niggas like this? 
 3-i can't have no respect for them niggas like that man. like some of these girls out here lost but you out here fucking they heads up. 
 3-at least i ain't dead or in jail look at the bright side at least i never told on nobody my niggas like wise 
 3-there are niggas like that lol 
 3-now ain't a problem, see my dough is like whoa... pulled out my bankroll on ya niggas like 
 3-lol i be inda city just lookin at niggas like smh ya the typa niggas we laughed at in school el brokeys 
 1-have to treat these niggas like trash in order for them to treat you right. 
 1-like you be fake bloods just cause you replace every c with a x and use the emoji don't mean shit bye 
 3-these niggas like hair on another nigga nutz fucking clowns 
 3-not all hood niggas like 
 3-shut your nigger ass up 
 3-talk to god and ask him to help your nigger ass find your 
 3-thats what i nigger ass thought 
 3-anyways, goodnight. i'm taking my nigger ass to bed. 
 1-don't get me fucking started on  y/o tamir rice. i mean, i know he was a child, but that's what happens when your nigger ass is a nigger. 
 3-abusing nigger ass staff 
 3-after i'm done wid my nigga warrio.. i mean wefam i'm coming to shoot ur nigger ass 
 1-fucking hate his nigger ass 
 1-fuck ur nigger ass. get the rules right. y'all would have got shit on v 
 1-get your nigger ass off of social media. 
 1-cause if i did the shit they would fire my nigger ass immediately. 
 3-i have so many dodgy acxounts following me bate cia tryna deport my sand nigger ass 
 1-i always start my day with some heavy ass gross ass grimey ass nigger ass dub step 
 3-you can go take yo monkey twisted white boy loving house nigger ass someplace and sit down. we love but 
 3-fuck that nigger ass language 
 1-he a weak bitch lol i wish a nigga would put hands on my sister or family member like that i'll fuck his nigger ass up 
 1-i think my baby bro should not get any sleep cuz his nigger ass would up around am never went back to sleep. 
 3-wanna get your nigger ass online 
 3-only if u have the patience admire quentin tarentino's work. then watch ...otherwise u can kiss my nigger ass 
 3-somebody get this mediocre white girl before i pop up on her with my ass" 
 3-all these nigger ass shoes for her to be carried everywhere. 
 3-sal get ur nigger ass back in here 
 1-fuck mohamed, may piss be upon his degenerate pedophile sand nigger ass. 
 1-what bitch??? i din't think so perv,, keep your nigger ass out of 
 3-i'll hit his nigger ass up 
 1-folks are mad with you...lol....tell them to kiss to nigger ass...lol 
 1-cute ass nigger ass slave roach monkey ily 
 1-didn't you eat that nigger ass 
 1-i hope that white cops cap your thieving nigger ass! 
 3-cuz u did not giveaway all your fucking nigger ass limited like a dumb ass like me 
 3-fuck me cunt boy nigger ass bitch tit cum in my anus 
 3-shank her nigger ass 
 1-sanders ab completely fucked me heath miller randall cobbs nigger ass fucked me. pieces of trash 
 1-kys nigger ass motherucker 
 1-chill bruh before i smack your nigger ass. 
 1-lmfaooo tired of your big lipped nigger ass 
 1-you nigger ass nigger 
 3-i have a great idea on what to do, but your nigger ass doesn't respond to texts or phone. 
 3-victor when is your nigger ass coming home i'm miss you 
 3-that was some nigger ass shit to 
 1-nigger ass cramps huh 
 1-nigger ass bitch is some shit ill say. 
 1-all those expensive mansions are niggerass homes. the rich have them to show off their wealth to the world. they think they are superior. 
 1-this fucker never thought i was good enough for pz but follow his nigger ass 
 3-the way me and talk to eachother lmfao me: i'll talk to your nigger ass later her: okay bitch 
 3-dont give a fuck get your nigger ass outta my mention 
 3-at women whom your nigger ass owes said money to seems ok with you. not to mention she was holding a child 
 3-im the realist nigga you got, you should drop whoever for my nigger ass. 
 1-no i'm not smoking k that's for ur nigger ass always broke can't afford anything living in the projects on 
 1-ur  kid ur still a virgin lmao shut ur nigger ass up till u meet ur real dad 
 3-nigger is from ngr read 
 3-r u fighting racism? but using word u know it equals  word racist  ppl?,heresy 
 3-white people be like: in my home country/town is actually an endearing term you can't expect me to give it up. its culture 
 1-this nigger is an embarrassment to amerikkka. 
 1-ugly nigger is hermione in new play just fuck my life up fam 
 3-nigger is soft as teddy bear yet still claiming to be a tough thug mo facebook. phola boss 
 3-the only reason i'm a nigger is cuz my mom have sex with a burnt hotdog 
 3-this nigger is all over my tl this morning, smh 
 3-knock who's there? an asian with a new pair" lol this nigger is having so much fun with it 
 3-i was unsure of what a nigger is until i met you 
 3-this nigger is speeding 
 3-guys i'm not racist okay nigger is like my middle name 
 3-anyways. instead of trying to insult grammar. well me what a is 
 3-calling me a nigger is insignificant, when society is structured to treat me like 
 3-wtf is that gonna solve. if a nigger is buying a gun in a basement in the hood they r not gonna care 
 3-calling me nigger is corny hahaha next time don't slurp so hard in the skype call to play with us hahah 
 1-even the word nigger is used so poetically in this movie 
 3-nigger is used a lot in the south, so that means its ok to say? 
 3-nigger is such an offensive word idk why people don't use american". pisses me off. racist white fucks. 
 3-nigger is said more in hateful  than it was in django 
 3-the word nigger is highly disrespectful...... 
 3-they elected another black dude. didnt they learn from the last guy whos doing time. got to use black dude for nigger is bad for business. 
 3-because the nigger" is an old stereotype from the south. retreating back into a stereotype is a defensive 
 1-nigger is going to treat king trump this way!' 
 1-time for a magic trick. i will make this nigger get a job. abracadabra! is still jobless) well i did say magic trick, not miracle. 
 1-this camel riding sheep fucking sand nigger is all talk bring it u fuck we r waiting with open arms 
 1-roth: do u know about tht nigger?" dern: i know about tht nigger, is tht hes a nigger; thats all i need  know." 
 3-the real nigger is here.....check it out 
 1-calling him a nigger is no different from you being a saltine cracker, it still doesn't change nth 
 1-so nigger is looking for a blonde boi. a child. 
 3-white people still think the word nigger is a good insult not going to stop me from giving a anglo saxon 
 1-nigger is eating those cakes 
 3-my nigger is being slept on!! 
 3-this guy is the funniest person ever i look up to you 
 1-y'all need to chill about the mistake steve harvey made. calling that man a dumb nigger is uncalled for honestly fuck that pageant 
 3-yaa maybe lazy, but nigger is talented. 
 1-this fucker was abusing its dog n bent down to pretend it was nice n pet it. so now a nigger is inside it. idhtss 
 1-r u fighting racism? but using word u know it equals  word racist  ppl?,heresy 
 1-pakis arent arabs we're more south asians but sand nigger is just so fucking stupid not even funny. 
 1-no nigger is gonna lraise hand on me,i eill give him a fist 
 1-and i call my friends' boyfriend bae' nigger is a young handsome pastor yoh 
 3-every nigger is a star. 
 1-genos is glorified garbage, nigger is a jobber in the midcard while saitama the main event'er. genos basically heath slater. 
 3-where is this article. i need a valid list of sources before you try to tell me that saying nigger is empowering fam lmao 
 1-white people will scream racism as soon as someone says ritz crackers but think nigger is exceptional in today's society 
 3-the way the teacher looking at him he's thinking this little nigger is gonna get , retweets" know he mad 
 1-dont to full of your self us is going to beat you to you are negitive white 
 3-but saying nigger is racist sebenarnya.. haha 
 1-sum things up, i'm a fucking nigger" is how i imagine his article 
 3-if youre going to say them, you can say the word nigger xd. in fact nigger is probably more correct due to all the literature 
 1-on chief keef while playing call of dury* that nigger music off" 
 1-what is it like to be a wigger? and talk about nigger music everyday with your cardigan sweater on your a fucking joke you faggot 
 3-white kids paid little attention to nigger before jews like redstone rothstein) started pushing in the 
 3-i wasn't happy with her nigger music, but i watch it without sound, so it's ok. 
 3-time for nigger music" 
 1-playing that nigger music" 
 1-white people dont want your nigger music anyway 
 3-this nigger music is getting to me, brb 
 3-when your mom complains to you about music" being garbage then tries to say shes not racist as fuck. ok 
 1-i mind getting slagged when i was a wee guy for liking music". same cunts are aw slebberin' er drake and his like now. 
 3-camden called the music i listen to music" 
 3-ahaha just put on something that says nigger a lot kids love nigger music 
 1-nigger music is ghetto nigger music is trash 
 3-need some nigger music to listen to 
 3-insa ma byesma illa nigger music logic w  cent w hol 
 3-r u gonna use nigger music again 
 3-reminds of when a pakistani dude asked if i liked music" in an amsterdam cafe. it's worldwide. 
 3-it's one thing to be entertained by nigger music/comedy. it's another thing to emulate and advocate that behavior. 
 1-i liked a video fat guy shooting nigger music win 
 1-why is this retard playing nigger music 
 0-fucking nigger music 
 1-off your nigger music" it's suicideboys? 
 1-nigger music? nigga thats mgk 
 3-gonna bump some nigger music 
 1-when s have nigger music it kills the vibe tbh. 
 1-i just listen to % nigger music 
 3-whoever sit next to me gonna hate my nigger music 
 1-i just listen to nigger music 
 1-stfujsks no my sister playing her nigger music 
 1-i'm bumping nigger music 
 1-i remember being really young my mexican ass uncle was teaching me  use limewire, i asked to look up tpain and he said thats nigger music 
 1-sorry but i have straight nigger music pulsing through my veins and arteries 
 3-and rap but no nigger music only a couple people... i need to understand wtf ur saying 
 1-damn nigger music does it to me 
 1-we went from nigger music at taco bell to christmas music at mcdonalds. fuck this shit. 
 3-nigger music always be changing my mood from happy to agressive 
 3-sorry, i don't listen to nigger music 
 3-i hate when people talk bad about rap or say nigger music" when they have no idea about the culture of it. 
 1-every time i'm on my xbox some white boy always tell me to off my nigger music off 
 3-listening to rap music while playing bf and this dude gets on the mic and says one wants to hear your nigger music"... 
 3-nigger music was born in the south, you white hillary lover! 
 1-nigger music" she's mad racist 
 1-guess what niggers i can listen to your nigger music all i want and not have to talk to you because i can do what the fuck i want 
 1-please edit next tt don't let anyone else do it and no nigger music 
 3-ive been bumpin nigger music all morning then novacane came on and my mood immediately changed 
 1-asap freg, travis scott, meek mill and future all make music" 
 1-love starting my mornings off like this man lol listening to my nigger music and doing nigger activities. god bless america! 
 3-i'd think so too if i spent all day listening to nigger music and playing call of duty all day. 
 3-its still nigger music 
 1-nigger music sucks dick 
 3-these fuckin spiks and niggers are laughing at you dumb liberal white chics for giving up da pussy to them just cause there turd colored. 
 1-niggers are only good to pick cotton, reading is too hard task for them. 
 3-the hor ass hag adorns didn't ask me niggers are w... 
 3-charlamas: the hor ass hag adorns didn't ask me niggers are w... 
 3-yall niggers are in the hood? 
 3-and how odd it is to be haunted by someone that is still alive. niggers are petty i tell you! 
 3-a lot of you niggers are from finance' 
 1-how tf is argentina only  hours behind what the fuck those niggers are on the other side of the damn world 
 1-niggers are cancer 
 3-errrbody listen to bryson tiller now..of course niggers are late 
 3-y'all niggers are goals 
 1-theres a difference between black people and niggers. black people are normal and niggers are garbage 
 1-these niggers are bad for our bottom line!" 
 1-i was gonna say, these niggers are obsessed with you 
 3-but what do you mean, the niggers are the ones who built the pyramids in egypt, didn't you know? 
 3-you niggers are out of control. 
 3-new orleans is taking down confederate statues. those niggers are dependent on white tourist dollars. make them pay with a total boycott. 
 1-niggers are taking over lol hallppppp 
 3-you niggers are just dying to come and search all documents in my apartment soon as i step outside, aren't you? the same to your child. 
 1-not all blacks participated in the bus boycotts. not all protested and marched. some said those niggers are crazy. 
 1-niggers are the problem 
 1-niggers are nice people too 
 1-my niggers are winning 
 1-niggers are worthless and helpless but worse they're ungrateful and kill and rape the white hand that feeds them they need to deported to. 
 3-my niggers are lit all year round 
 1-niggers are so fucking mad just cause the shooter was a sand nigger kebab go take your anger out on them 
 3-roses are red and violets are blue and niggers are black 
 3-niggers who steal from you ain't ya bro no nothing them niggers are opps and sneak dissers 
 1-niggers are stupid 
 1-white people are dogs, and niggers are chimps 
 1-how can there be all nigger colleges if niggers are retarded and have an average iq do they throw shit at each other all day in class. 
 3-one cummie two cummie three cummie four how many niggers are in my store 
 1-niggers are not allowed 
 1-. niggers are delusional monkeys 
 3-these niggers are lag switching 
 1-you niggers are so tsuntsun for my art 
 1-race isn't the problem in the u.s, niggers are lol 
 3-shield is one color niggers are dead to the shield period anything goes 
 1-no but the problem is niggers are grouping people into"anti" like how sjws group people into misogynists 
 3-these niggers are just 
 1-niggers are scared that's when white folks are safe." hateful  
 1-no, i'm just antiretard the fact that niggers are almost unilaterally retarded is a coincidence 
 3-lol, y'all niggers are savage outchea the fresher the better 
 1-can we please leave this party, these niggers are annoying 
 1-cause when niggers are scared that's when white folks are safe 
 1-niggers are gay 
 3-the niggers are seikh, they have moved to birmingham 
 3-hurt niggers are the ones who be sending low blows to females.. 
 1-as i scrolled through shet on jewtube i seen the shaytards house tour these niggers are rich it made my heart bleed 
 1-of course not black niggers are dead to texans 
 0-when cbi raid,cbi has the right to sieze any documents. u or me has no right to tell which docs to sieze. 
 0-i had no right to my own opinion and i knew nothing 
 0-there is no right  enslave doctors to provide healthcare. you must earn care by creating values to trade for those services. 
 0-have no right of political asylum,#germany is racist) 
 0-there is no right in that situation. but as an adult you have more control over the situation than a  yr old. 
 0-so he has no right to a defence, look at the second video then convict him if you can 
 0-stop asking what's our relationship. i've no right to say anything 
 0-im so sorry ashton he had no right to release something so private like that 
 0-woman kicking girl in has no right claiming reparations of 
 0-it hurts like why do we blame the boys when they insult a girl if the girls doing this then we have no right to balme the boys 
 0-now its proved that kejriwal was protecting a corrupt officer such corrupt politicians have no right to be cm 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage fg 
 3-he the lazy ass senator has no right to be president. never shows up for work just at fb games 
 0-you have no right to say tv ya bora nex 
 0-wake up will you? govt has no right to ban guns any more than banning a ham sandwich. be real 
 0-i hate it when i'm jelous even tho i have no right 
 0-we have no right to judge where we should be put, or to have preconceived notions as to what god is fitting us... 
 0-is no right or wrong. there is only your voice, cherish it, respect it, nurture it. challenge it." dave grohl 
 0-i have no right to say that i am out of shape, but damn i truly am out shape. 
 0-if you thank god for every smile, then you have no right to complain about every tear. 
 0-there's no right way of doing something wrong 
 0-there's no right way of doing something wrong 
 0-test implementation, must test implementation" said no right thinking developer, ever 
 0-state governors have no right to reduce minimum wage fg: the federal government y... 
 0-you have no right to tell  year olds to chill when you're basically  yourself. 
 0-state governors have no right to reduce minimum wage fg: the federal government yesterday declared that stat... 
 3-the arm i'm painting has no right to look as shitty as it does 
 0-staff putz rz in r kitty toy box when day done! pfffft! xactly a&amp;c!! humanz havez no right  hidz itz on uz!! hehe 
 0-i turn on the news you insult trump you have no right all your crimes and americans have had enough 
 0-there's no right way of doing something wrong 
 0-this way even manmohan singh had no right to continue as pm did he resign is sonia resigning as president? 
 0-bjp has no right  take action of its party affairs nor has a right  govern india as per opposition need consent 
 0-stay strong hun.. people have no right to disrespect you like that! i would seriously would of beaten them up for privacy.. 
 0-only aap can take ownership of a bureaucrat, others have no right for the same. 
 0-oleksandra matviychuk details firsthand accounts of torture from donbas.... 
 0-there is no right way to do a wrong thing. 
 0-he's a very good quick player. we have  left wingers and no right winger. lack balance. mhango good option too(in) 
 0-ajmal masroor, imam, says us has right' to prevent entry because of race. strange, he doesn't criticise islamic countries similarly. 
 0-no lol he had no right jumping n our conversation like tht 
 0-sans has no right being as attractive as some folks make him 
 0-um... u have no right????!!!?!?!?!!!! 
 0-if you thank god for every smile, then you have no right to complain about every tear. 
 0-the right to make a contribution according to our principles is sacrosanct. selected few have no right  dictate 
 0-this is really sad. give these celebs some respect. no matter your job, you have no right to harass them 
 3-no he's still a pedophile off he knows her age but she still no right from wrong 
 0-in the books, hermione's race is never mentioned, so you have no right to say that. jesus was born in judea, 
 0-but yeah they need it like we do and we all have no right to invade their lives and we can't judge them based on what we see online 
 0-govs have no right to reduce minimum wage 
 0-govs have no right to reduce minimum wage 
 0-govs have no right to reduce minimum wage 
 3-can treat myself to a pack of 
 3-tbh most of young people are using them that i know. most have changed to them instead of fags 
 1-bunch of fags 
 0-i've got the fear about running out of fags how many do i buy  is  good 
 3-this morning is comprised of a round table of fags trying to make sense of a real man 
 3-i get told to fuck off at least  times a day for the price of fags because obviously i set the prices 
 3-as i stood outside mcdonalds tryin and failing to make a smokable rollie some kind soul of pbc handed me a box of fags and left..thank u sir 
 3-i love d but they are a big mountain of fags and cunts 
 0-mum offered to buy me beers and a box of fags if i cook for my little brother and sister what a bargain 
 1-you're blessed i'm shocked at the amount of fags in this post 
 0-can't stand when dogs come in smelling of 
 3-it's only a packet of fags what's wrong with you all? 
 1-thank satan i am from the eccentric academics circle of fags. race not an issue. stupidity is. are our first himbo friend, welcome!" 
 3-how are people contented by stinking of fags horrible. 
 1-yall can comment all yall want yall still a bunch of fags it aint gon change nothin 
 0-old men with slip on loafers, smelling of fags do not make good bed fellows 
 3-look like a whole bunch of fags nobody got hands here 
 3-there are a lot of fags in the outlet mall 
 1-temple is a bunch of fags 
 3-i stink of fags and i haven't even smoked tonight 
 3-bunch of fags on this app man 
 3-oh cock. ran out of fags. time for a walk to the shop. 
 0-alright well i just lost almost a whole  pack of fags great 
 3-bet my mums got me a snide sleeve of fags like them egyptian lambert she got last time 
 0-you claim poverty and smoke? pack of fags is a couple of meals it? 
 1-since when did a  deck of fags reduce to ?! robbing twats 
 1-and a pack of fags? could of got a freddo mate 
 3-smh friends with a bunch of fags 
 0-would just be happy with a pack of fags and some bacardi for my birthday hahahaha 
 3-for a packet of fags.. robbery pure robbery 
 3-a slab nd a sleeve of fags are my only friends for d night i am in serious need of a gattin buddy it's breakin my poor little heart 
 0-feel like i've smoked  packs of fags in one go 
 1-i smell of fags ew 
 0-ayy shout outs to everyone that wears buff smelling perfume because london stinks of fags and exhaust smoke most of the time 
 0-can't remember the last time i bought a pack of fags disgusting habit 
 1-so nice to get in my car now and not be hit with the smell of fags and mouldy horse feed 
 0-yeah its  pound a month it's an mmo. not a bad thing tho i see it as a pack of fags a month 
 0-i always leave chloe with like a whole packet of fags she pure feeds me them 
 3-you know our generation is full of fags and pussies when drake is the number one rapper 
 1-king of fags 
 3-trekksters have nearly whovian levels of nonviolence. bunch of fags. 
 0-go to my nanas and come back with my hair stinking of fags, feeling i've sat and smoked  with her&amp;probably bronchitis while i'm 
 3-aw bynchy pure you!!!!! wall of fags 
 1-have reached aisle . no longer will it be called postal' it is now mandsal'. the smell of fags, bo and stilton is lovely 
 1- years for a pack of fags and nah thanks...... 
 3-bashing black men cool but if we tweet women black all types of fags and hate our mothers 
 3-my granddad just said this to me i need a good shag with a beautiful lady,  cans of carling and a pack of fags. what a way to die' 
 3-plus who ever got excited about buying a new pack of fags?? 
 3-now everybody, even on the sidelines, gonna be calling obj all types of fags and homos now....... 
 1-ur broke, homeless, dying, starving, and don't have shit going  ya self except being known by a bunch of fags.... but i'm a 
 0-one of those random things, love. and he follows me and i have never followed him so bizarre. 
 0-nah are one of those bands that sound sick on record and even sicker live 
 0-you must be one of those people that think derrick rose is actually good 
 0-hahah, am in denial about all of those things until the new year! have some marking to do too but that can happen from the th. 
 0-literally just deleted all of should too) 
 0-which one of those lauren cohan's icon do you like the most? below) 
 0-carbon paper, batman! an ibm selectric, haven't seen one of those since . 
 0-beautiful pictures of families, marriages and much more. until now he and thomas haven't have any of those....but he knew 
 0-and how many of those policies has oakland adopted? zero. 
 0-yeah, it's one of those lawless situation that cowards and bigots thrive in. 
 0-hey girl you must be one of those blankets with arms because you make me feel warm and safe.ano,you have army. 
 0-jaysus, hope is better quick smart... and that it's a a&amp;e...y'know, beacon, vhi one of those ones.... 
 0-we had one of those from amazon prime. showed them the screen shot they sent a next day replacement. 
 0-my mom ate some of those yesterday 
 0-he just has one of those baby faces... 
 0-ok. both of those sentences are in the tweet. so what am i missing here? 
 0-before laughing at biharis for voting nitish/lalu to power, think of those who voted to power. 
 0-mvr i miss you and i can't help it thank you for all the fun moments with you, all of those are for keeps. more adventures to come for us 
 3-god dammit ocado i dont want any of those substitutions 
 0-the list of those killed and injured in the explosion at the plant near st. petersburg 
 0-i mean, i guess i could be one of those people that wraps whenever they have some free time. but i could also wrap at am on christmas eve. 
 0-national parks around the country are watching your social media: the authenticity of those 
 0-national parks around the country are watching your social media: the authenticity of those 
 0-my throat hurts; considering getting one of those neck holes 
 0-national parks around the country are watching your social media: the authenticity of those 
 0-i am one of those scumbags who always reads customer reviews before buying something but never leaves feedback myself 
 0-are you all in?! jumpstarting  off by getting healthy, shedding some of those 
 0-it's kinda sad to feel like you're just one of those girls... 
 0-lol one of those statements is true ps remember the time you took dez bryant first overall in a dynasty league 
 0-i had one of those when i was little, you're so precious. 
 0-sometimes i imagine your tweets as coming from phedre and this is one of those times. 
 0-more of those warm christian values just in time for the holidays 
 0-read quran and hadith find the way of real islam not made of those who dont know about islam 
 0-half of those are mine so 
 0- mins into work and i already messed up. gonna be one of those days 
 0-is one of those followers i enjoy having. reminds me that there are still people in the world who are woke! 
 0-she didn't happen to mention her leadership in the bullying of those her husband sexually assaulted, did she? 
 0-one of those clientele" beers ok.... the red nosed white horse) 
 0-guess someone will have to kill someone with one of those things before anything gets done. hope it was taken and destroyed 
 0-am i the only one who wished that i was one of those girls in what's wrong? i wanna throw something to ikon too 
 0-ur one of those mfs 
 0-r u one of those who thinks he insulted all mexicans when discussing illegal immigrant felons?@sheerazraza 
 0-and then once either of those two finish, i'll be moving on to some other special terraria playthroughs! 
 0-both of those offenses were k a piece. lol bet 
 0-not wanted on the voyage: media neglect of those left behind in the refugee outflowmcleod group via 
 0-great to see the importance of those you love at christmas. 
 0-even if hoseok's afraid of everything, he'll still do all of those just for army bts. hoseok: army 
 3-wasn't directed at anyone in particular, only anyone who would ever ride one of those fucking things 
 0-i heard of that way i see it it either needs to be loud sticky or frosty it usually gotta hv at least one of those traits 
 0-today has been one of those where i've been reminded how socially awkward i am.. 
 0-not the kind of white christmas people usually imagine... 
 0-christmas is here! fantastic selection of white wines just delivered. huge thanks rh 
 0-black mother threatened to kill juror who found her son guilty in murder of white man. 
 3-my nigga gotta stop taking advantage of white women they sick of shit 
 0-leads to fightorflight stress signaling, which can ultimately affect the production of white blood cells" 
 0-i found the panda pretty quick, but since it's hidden among a sea of white and black, good luck 
 0-there are plenty of white people such as myself who are not angry, and ate generally passed at all the work our potus has done. 
 0-feels weird to be the only latino ina room. in a room filled of white people. 
 3-i swear there's an island full of white peoples who can dance and i just haven't found it yet. 
 0-new kettle arrived. it says to boil it with a tablespoon of white wine vinegar but i'm way too middle class for that crap. balsamic it is. 
 0-ya know.. i have this nagging feeling that two very different types of white people hold these opinions.. 
 0-lack of white pants. 
 0-prosecute hunter for choking the life out of white wolf with his bare hands! 
 0-do a little something for those who have given a lot. reserve a parking space for veterans. 
 0-lmaooooo go look at his tweets right now. he's literally a glorified sjw feeling the effect of white guilt 
 0-awesome cover of christmas" via 
 0-warning. don't buy a box of white chocolate lion bars. excessive consumption may occur 
 0-lots of white liberals are scared of legal me and my guns. such rhetoric is thrown around haha. 
 0-all lives matter but a lot of white people don't believe that so i'm encouraging my fellow black people that our lives matter. 
 0-the language of white supremacy or any other forms of systemic oppression stands over and against civility. how... 
 0-yes it is warm, this is a whole other leave of christmas" 
 0-racial identity is racist!": the broken record of white postracial utopian fantasies via 
 0-: all i want for christmas are you and a pair of white shoes 
 3-dey cussed dis lady out! called her all types of white bitches, while my son standin 
 0-like the sad eyes, bad guys mouth full of white lies 
 0-why scifi keeps imagining the subjugation of white people 
 3-i'm whiter than a grain of rice floating in a glass of milk on a paper plate in the middle of a blizzard i'm tired of white people's shit. 
 0-i am so not feeling festive its my favourite time of the year and the weather is grey miserable instead of white 
 0-just think about the lyrics of christmas' as you read this. may all your christmases be white'' 
 0-a people" of white liberals. 
 0-we got names for people like jesse lee peterson.. an unrelenting..."butler" of white supremacy... 
 0-today my family has reached the homemade organic treats for the dog's birthday" level of white 
 0-i can't believe obama wants to exhume the corpse of bing crosby and use it like a marionette to perform a rendition of white christmas 
 0-naacp to give blacks opportunity. support taking away the right of white men to have the same opportunities. it is called racism. 
 3-school crumbles after teachers told not to punish minority students because of white privilege 
 0-mandjbloomfield: going to have a sprinkling of white this christmas the daisies are flowering in our lawn only three months early!! 
 0-the type of white girls i chill with. 
 0-cuvee coffee uses peer pressure to get people to wash their hands. the sink is outside of both bathrooms, in view of the other customers. 
 0-happens only when you push yourself outside of your comfort zone. 
 0-opinions on christmas lights/decorations on the outside of the houses: tacky of festive? x 
 0-his sales are still good but outside of his fans who buy every album who really was gonna buy it 
 0-yea. outside of cod uc is the biggest game of . you fail to realize division is a new ip 
 0-what you can achieve within yourself is far greater than what you can achieve outside of yourself 
 0-the script app isn't offered outside of the mac app store, so you won't find a free copy. tho the ios and android aps r free 
 0-geez day showcase ticket price is way cheaper outside of singapore wtf 
 0-there's some man dressed as santa wishing people merry christmas outside of my store. i need this to be over. 
 0-want to prevent college dropouts? look outside of the classroom via 
 3-there's a huge ass line outside of honey baked ham and it's holding up traffic y'all procrastinating butt heads 
 0-when you stand outside of your work at crocker for an hour because the security guard accidentally brought the key home last night:))) 
 0-what do you do when there's a teacher choir celebrating festivus outside of your classroom? 
 0-controlm moves outside of the data center 
 3-bloody sunday' is kind of totally forgotten outside of hardcore cinephile circles which is a damn shame. 
 0-football player who stood outside of a stadium begging for a job gets his christmas miracle 
 0-covenant_grafix: bowling alley seats outside of abandoned... 
 0-a nice shot outside of the sun bowl...also a beautiful shot of pondering. 
 0-academics are inherently materialistic people who lack the ability to see the world outside of their own little vain perspective. 
 0-though i guess to do that i'd have to actually release a game outside of daft jam things wouldn't i 
 0-when's the lucas amiibo releasing outside of japan? 
 0-the fact that that guy also camps outside of michaels house is actually ridiculous no wonder he never leaves 
 0-the red pepper in castlederg has just fed me the nicest christmas dinner i've had outside of the house. it's... 
 3-i try not to think outside of the box too often cause people be fucking watching me. i do most of my thinking inside the box. 
 0-glitter makeup came with my elf costume. guess that explains all of those striped poles outside of santa's workshop... 
 0-inkeats com are remanufactured nib toner cartridges away subvert outside of primo tools register?: xijcrpi 
 0-holy smokes very scary in the bc here in ut currently, be super careful if heading outside of resort boundaries! 
 0-didn't hear a peep outside of the youtube comment section 
 0-he's my favorite laker outside of magic. i'm just glad he's playing well again! 
 0-first, if you plan on traveling outside of our humble little county, here's a list of other pages you can follow: 
 0-that is true, but outside of the mayor didnt liquid did better then cdec? and tl lost to og in frankfurt quali. so not sure imo 
 0-outside of my toaster strudel is burnt but the inside is still cold 
 0-just avoid manipulating the dom outside of the render cycle. life gets easier. 
 0-even the original manufacturers from agadir explained that argan oil outside of north africa is contaminated with unnatural chemicals, but 
 0-to enjoy every minute of your life. be happy now. don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future." 
 0-rough ent news nfl: player who held a sign outside of stadium looking for a job gets a chance with jet... 
 0-approximate areas i am most concerned with. isolated tornadoes can form outside of these circled areas too: 
 0-edm beast news nfl: player who held a sign outside of stadium looking for a job gets a chance with jet... 
 0-hip hop news nfl: player who held a sign outside of stadium looking for a job gets a chance with jets 
 0-nasty weather on i outside of raleigh. 
 0-great shot of defence minister ambassador w/ hmcs winnipeg crew outside of rome today. 
 0-omegasons news nfl: player who held a sign outside of stadium looking for a job gets a chance with jet... 
 0-you know, since basically nobody does good damage to grandpa gohan outside of supers, maybe i should bring in mummy and raditz to tank. 
 0-i'm on a mission to capture this adorable beagle that's wondering around outside of hobby lobby 
 0-beautiful leah is in need of a furever home outside of virginia her disposition is % sweet baby!! we will... 
 3-there is shit outside of my meme factory 
 0-reported that iran attacked the control system of a flood dam outside of new york city back in . 
 0-reported that iran attacked the control system of a flood dam outside of new york city back in . 
 0-reported that iran attacked the control system of a flood dam outside of new york city back in . 
 0-reported that iran attacked the control system of a flood dam outside of new york city back in . 
 0-last respects: they grew very quiet and held their hands over their hearts as the hearse drove by on i... 
 0-right?!! still not over their hotness in these pics 
 0-were sheepherders camping in the neighborhood. they had set night watches over 
 3-freedom doesn't apply to american muslims, that's reserved for bitter white boys. merry fucking christmas. 
 0-wise warns and over their romance... more: 
 0-how do ppl wear jackets over their shoulders w/o putting their arms in the sleeves and not have them fall off what kinda witchcraft 
 0-would have been a solo." matthew quppied back, he'd learnt how to respond to wade over their years. he felt about 
 0-the person who is assigned to pick daily twitter topics for the month of december must be over their data limit. 
 0-and yet christians still value the virginity of their children over their character. 
 0-chicks trying to get over their ex. 
 0-i'm not really gonna judge ppl who wear socks over their flipflops but, w h y 
 0-nation and world supports pm modi but some bjp mps' unable to get over their ego and false self image to support development. 
 0-when you go over their house and it smells like a dog has pissed everywhere and they offer you something to drink 
 0-thanks babe! i'm bout to wipe my germs all over their keyboards 
 0-more than drinking, it is the drugs they are handing over their life to. 
 0-i don't understand how someone could start things with another person if they're not over their ex. that's such a selfish thing to 
 0-chicks trying to get over their ex. 
 0-shame the totally unregulated didn't see fit to do a front page correction over their front page balls up. 
 0-the same guys who obsess over their love interest's count" now think asking for proof of age is invasive. very telling. 
 0-or when you've given the pupils  min to look over their dictations before you correct them. 
 0-this christmas everyone should look around at the families on the streets and realize how lucky they are to have a roof over their head. 
 3-all my niggas act weird over their bitches but when i had a girl they be like come on bro, you stressing over this girl fr 
 0-for a changed person, you can't hold their mistakes over their head. especially if they're trying to be better. 
 3-not looking forward to the basic bitches crying over their michael kors watches and pandora rings on insta at 
 0-these lowincome kids were given a gift for their parents and for themselves. but they could only keep one. 
 0-why do i feel guilty for prioritizing my needs over their wants? 
 0-i does get real sad when someone madova and the other person just with them to get over their ex 
 0-mommy and daddy cat kiss while watching over their babies. best family picture ever 
 0-so does the anndata bhagwan of india.. only community which hasn't control over their own products.. 
 0-in the same region there were shepherds out in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night. and an... 
 0-when we see people prioritizing others as over their own priorities. 
 0-they can never get over their prime 
 3-they might be an excised foreskin as you say, or maybe they just have it rubbed all over their face in a cream. 
 0-children get over their fear of the bogeyman, but the smart ones will always fear chuck norris. 
 0-organisations must exercise control over their data, no matter how where they choose to process it 
 0-the old school house i was playing was going right over their heads. haha 
 0-petr cech backs arsenal to all the way' in premier league title race: petr cech believes arsenal have an advantage over their pre... 
 0-petr cech backs arsenal to all the way' in premier league title race: petr cech believes arsenal have an advantage over their pre... 
 1-how niggas let tinc go over their head??? 
 0-have had the wool pulled over their eyes for a long says waterford distillery's mark reynier 
 0-contrarian tyson chandler hit .x value in  minutes on /. denver has allowed the th most fd points to c over their last . 
 0-christie ties terrorism to trans kids' over their gender identities americablog news 
 0-that puny human must be pretty merciful, if they haven't summoned me yet." they scoffed, crossing their arms over their chest. 
 0-southampton boss warns arsenal and tottenham over their pursuit of victor wanyama. 
 0-the same region there were some shepherds staying out in the fields and keeping watch over their flock by 
 0-people need sovereignty over their own body and soul) 
 0-were sheepherders camping in the neighborhood. they had set night watches over their sheep. suddenly, 
 0-so many people rlly live day to day jus waiting for something to happen next so they can get worked up over their made up problems... 
 0-teapubs never cared for effective governmentready to impeach successful presidents legislatures over their silly intractable 
 0-are into science stuff, tho some will be over their heads. we put + to keep the average age on track. if we put +... 
 0-top  surprising ways to offend people in other countries 
 0-don't u know people in the comments talking about the type of car they got him? 
 0-so thankful for the way my life is now for the people in it. so much has changed for the better 
 0-mufti prohibits celebration of birthday. whips  people in for celebrating the birthday 
 0-family isn't always blood. it's the people in your life who want 
 0-we are  people in train  most of pax are senior citizens none of seat is lower birth pnr   
 3-im leaving so many people in  dat shit crazy..! 
 0-these highly rated people in society are undermining law 
 0-obviously i only need very few people in my life. 
 0-turkish people are pointing out the hilarious plot hole in homeland 
 0-s/o to for putting more of our people in their advertisements 
 3-she said she want me to take the rubber off, i told her people in hell want ice water. 
 0-i have amazing people in my life, i shouldnt be complaining 
 0-morning run. what people in boulder do on vacation. wake up early to run. 
 0-there are twitter standards and then there is what decent people in the real world do. this is the latter. 
 0-some people in this world man 
 3-bumpin' migos in new seabury putting these rich old white people in an early grave 
 0-coindesk's most influential people in bitcoin and blockchain  coindesk: coind... vi 
 0-there's  people in here lmao 
 0-am i dreaming or do i see people in short sleeves and shorts? 
 0-happy birthday to two of my favorite people in sports: and 
 0-i have the same  people in my dream every night and idk it just freaks me out 
 0-very grateful for the people in my life. aimee always believes in my abilities 
 0-because they're the best people in the whole world. cuz' they're so amazing. love hoy y 
 0-turkish people are pointing out the hilarious plot hole in homeland bad research! 
 0-before i left it was just packed with people in my hunting area 
 0-only % of the people in the world is lefthanded 
 0-bully people in high school. 
 0-is one of those followers i enjoy having. reminds me that there are still people in the world who are woke! 
 0-people in the world that are jealous of success. even second guess yourself, step or get left. 
 0-you don't need any parttime people in ur life. your friends are either with u or not. just let them come go as they ple 
 3-say she want me to take da rubber off.....told ha people in hell want ice water bitch knock it off 
 0-and many don't millions of people in each party can't generalize like that 
 0- more days until i get to see my favorite people in the world. i love this concept 
 0-great stuff from on one of my favorite people in baseball. 
 0-i'm like younger than  people in our whatsapp grp 
 0-no idea how we are going to fit  people in my house for christmas dinner 
 0-if there weren't people in this house, id walk mapunapuna. why is it so hot?? im so confused... 
 0-love all ure music whitch will never change ure music makes us people in the dark happy inside thank you 
 0-soooo over halfhearted people in my life. honestly. go... away... 
 0-we have had a team of people in the area for several weeks knocking on doors leaving flyers. 
 0-there are over  billion people in the world today each person has their own unique fingerprint 
 0-humor makes it hard for me to take people in real life seriously. 
 0-really don't like meeting a lot of new people in 
 0-you mean all the shady people in my life??? 
 0-people in the house forcing me to sleep. 
 0-life is wayy better when you don't stress over irrelevant people in your life 
 3-they're out here stabbing people in the ass in nyc. everyone 
 0-people like us would of course find this suspicious and not open it... she however is not as knowledgable 
 0-when people like all your photos for a follow back 
 0-looking at people like 
 0-i've seen every star wars movie and i still have no idea what theyre about or why people like them so much 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability via 
 0-figured it had to be a democrat only stupid people like him would do a stupid thing like stopping people from protecting themselves 
 0-businessinsider: this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability 
 0-i can see why people like steroids so much... i've been rocking rolling since  am! first time i've ever been thankful for getting a shot! 
 0-people use the manager" excuse for people like winning sb's w/great defenses and casts. 
 0-people like you pick the stupidest things to fight over 
 0-all i want for christmas is people like this to be set on fire 
 0-we got people like this that don't give up on life, congrats 
 3-r*pe why do people like kilgrave so much he is a rapist and disgusting. 
 0-maybe i'll stop when i stop seeing their smug expressions and hearing their derisive laughs as they mock people like me publicly. 
 3-god people like you are a waste of fucking air 
 0-i'm disgusted to just share oxygen with people like this. 
 0-it makes me sick that there people like that in this world 
 0-people like about their age period. don't know why either. 
 0-i know the truth hurts! anytime someone talks truth people like you become cowards! 
 0-people like to show how they are 
 0-i wish someone would tell people like g. neville that having sticking by a manager doesnt mean ur club will be stable. 
 0-i have the same problem. i hate my glasses but so many people like them on me. your work on you though 
 3-hell is filled with people like you. 
 0-some people like my music take some people don't it's very unique to say the least 
 0-can't believe people like christmas with the franks! it's one of the most awful, unpleasant, and boring christmas movies! 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability 
 0-couple people like this in my 
 0-newcastle will always be open to inspirational people like muzoon almellehan. geordies have... 
 0-these days i m practicin' talking as loud as i can. more louder you are better. people like loud people. 
 0-people like you talking of corruption even a crocodiles tears will dry up on seeing and hearing you talk about it 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability: everyone wants to be liked. on quora, there's a length... 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability: everyone wants to be liked. on quora, there's a length... 
 0-if we want platforms that center marginalized people we say we do), we have to help sustain them! 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability: everyone wants to be liked. on quora, there's a length... 
 0-hw can u b so casual atleast shave when u meet such grt people like look like his driver 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability: everyone wants to be liked. on quora,... 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability: everyone wants to be liked. on quora, there's a length... 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability: everyone wants to be liked. on quora, there's a length... 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability: everyone wants to be liked. on quora, there's a length... 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability: everyone wants to be liked. on quora, there's a length... 
 0-i'm so sorry about the way you were treated and the things those horrible people have done, it's a shame there people like that 
 0-i still don't get it why do people like me 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability 
 0-this behavior could be the no.  secret to likability 
 3-i hate that pick one shit cause i love em all for real 
 0-come pick one 
 0-our gift cards work in store, online, and across our brands and pick one up today! 
 0-do you have a  charity you would like to raise money for? pick one of our special tandem skydiving experiences... 
 0-pick one: zayn girlfriends 
 0-okay, pick one. i dare you. 
 0-i don't celebrate christmas but i'd like to give a beat away in the holiday spirit. i'll pick one and upload a snippet hol up... 
 0-pick one up today! 
 0-oh no, that's a shame! i hope you can pick one up soon. cheryl 
 0-if you could only pick one! what one would it be?! choose wisely! 
 0-pick one even if its hard 
 3-you can't smoke hella weed and have a good home life you have to pick one 
 0-one pls 
 0-don't worry, i'll pick one that is suitable for young ages. 
 0-thats our calendars sold out here in reception! you may still be able to pick one up at abervet or inverurie pet... 
 0-you took two hours to pick one simple product. if i didn't show up at the store, god knows how long it would have taken. 
 0-stop by until pm thursday to purchase a gift that keeps on giving an okcitycard. pick one up for yourself, too! 
 0-if they said i could only pick one famouse person in the world to say hello to it would be u ellen ur very inspiring 
 0-know what makes a delightful christmas gift? our gift cards come pick one up today!!! 
 0-favorite memories of you in , can't just pick one 
 0-christmas cookies!!!! like and share this post to win your own free sugar cookie kit today! we will pick one... 
 3-pick one nigga 
 0-couldn't pick one.. 
 0-well, maybe funny is not the right word, pathetic, sad, stupid, well just go ahead and pick one. 
 0-now, or see it out to end of season and review then pick one and stick to it. 
 0-can't pick one so, gotta choose both 
 0-i'm gonna brave the shops tomorrow so i'll pick one up then i think x 
 0-i wanna do this tell me numbers or like and i'll pick one to answer 
 0-our final issue of  is out today. be sure to pick one up. check below for a preview of what's inside. 
 0-send me louis pics from this past year i need to pick one for tomorrow 
 0-pick one 
 0-no ya wont get it time christmas yes pick one up thanks for useing the hash tag 
 0-if you could pick one goal to score you'd pick keanes 
 0-parang pizza topping lang yan. so much to choose from. could be pick one or the deluxe. 
 0-pick one 
 0-you gotta pick one daddy 
 0-there is still time to pick up the perfect gift! a plato's gift card! pick one up before christmas! we are open... 
 0-i want to wear fake eyelashes tonight but i also want to get drunk and i have this feeling you can only pick one 
 0-pick one? 
 0-pick one pls 
 0-does your book sell in a uk book called wh smiths if it does there one local to me and i'll pick one up 
 0-pick one. 
 0-all are great but if i have to pick one it is bird set free. very empowering and i love 
 0-it's a tie for me between the two, i can't pick one above the other 
 0-it's like two d and z pick one 
 0-pick one. 
 0-pick one 
 0-exactly. every year, people should pick one school to make an example of that charges outrageous tuition 
 3-black male wants new trial. tortured, raped and murdered white boy scout... 
 0-many  year olds are raped and beheaded by islamists in syria, and iraq! 
 0-police: louisville man raped and robbed woman in alley wdrb 
 0-tomorrow she is seduced to be brutally raped and beaten by refugees in sweden. then after the holidays she to be present at 
 0-we the people are coming, you have lied, murdered, raped, and manipulated enough, it's not working any more 
 0-i wonder how many people have been molested/raped, and never told anyone. i wonder how often the offender was a family member. 
 1-this guy says women in india deserve to be and this makes me agree with him: 
 1-this guy says women in india deserve to be and this makes me agree with him: 
 0-bichaara. was only a young  year old who brutally raped and tortured a girl that led to her death. no big deal.. disgusting! 
 0-sweden enriched: baby goat kidnapped from gothenburg animal park, has been found raped and severely burned 
 0-no one's mad. your bf got raped and makes nb look bad. couldn't back it up 
 0-or referring to mexicans as rapists and murders, when their brand has raped and murdered far more. 
 0-if you would have shot, you would be behind bars life long. why dint you do this in bengal where girls are raped and killed.. 
 0-if you would have shot, you would be behind bars life long. why not do in bengal where girls are raped and killed in bardhaman!! 
 0-humans raped and enslaved, not god, they were judged for it too 
 0-man and woman in alley dec  : am et 
 0-teenager who raped and killed his maths teacher found... 
 0-yes. a woman was in fact brutally raped and misidentified her attacker while the prosecution secreted exculpatory evidence. 
 0-police: louisville man raped and robbed woman in alley... 
 0-as we get ready to celebrate please keep who r been raped and executed by in your prayers 
 0-white women can talk about her getting raped and black women will come in and be like well we been. getting raped so what u saying 
 3-idiots women and girls are being sold into slavery raped and murdered daily stoned for being raped how dumb are dems 
 3-if you know your daughter got raped and defend the rapist you should get stoned or something 
 0-nirbhaya has been raped and dead three years but no law could be passed. the us senate did it in  days!!! 
 3-he raped and betrayed trust. needs to be raked over coal. 
 3-christmas another devil worshipping day by caucasian people when america raped and murdered women children and babies 
 0-black woman hating going down on the timeline. now it's little black girls faults for being raped and molested. bc they should know better. 
 3-defense asked for fair&amp;even appearances. screw that you raped and murdered their childthey should all wear don't drop soap ts 
 0-for approximately three years, michael p. johnson repeatedly raped and sodomized a child and produced hundreds of... 
 0-yes i realize women get raped and all but there are more male homicide victims than women. men usually serve longer time in jail 
 0-sweden enriched: baby goat kidnapped from gothenburg animal park, has been found raped and severely burned 
 3-theres women out there who got raped and busted a fat one... could you imagine how bad that can fuck you up mentally 
 0-ravan kidnapped sita, didn't touch her, still we guys burn him every year. six man raped and killed nirbhaya... 
 3- murdered cold blooded, more than  raped and filmed,  died coz of no vantilator.clapping pakistan zinda baad 
 0-sweden enriched: baby goat kidnapped from gothenburg animal park, has been found raped and severely burned 
 1-he should be and for making so many lives at stake. 
 1-i always get microsoft about your pc ffs! told me to get raped and die the other day 
 0-korean military raped and killed lots of vietnamese people. korean govt hides this truth. 
 0-and an infant raped and thrown in govt hospital in the center of lahore 
 0-pak has special love for kids.  murdered cold blooded, more than  raped and filmed,  died caz of no vantilator. wow.. 
 1-ps not on fuckin' mention that these women are being raped and killed but moosslim islamik terrorists 
 0-sweden enriched: baby goat kidnapped from gothenburg animal park, has been found raped and severely burned 
 0-they probably raped and then did honor killings of women 
 0-how many women raped and abused women at the hands of her husband has she hushed up and threatened, blackmailed??? 
 3-but hey, at least he doesnt let the kids get raped and killed..... oh wait 
 0-if her children were brutally raped and tortured would have happened,i wonder? 
 0-brave victim asked to recount rape trauma multiple timesethical? via see 
 0-she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at . afte... 
 1-are , muslim women were raped by christians which no one is denying. 
 0-she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at . afte... 
 0-the majority of men i dated had been molested or raped by women/men starting in the nd grade 
 0-essentialist cause effect nonsense when the are , muslim women were raped by christians. 
 3-so, is it nsfw or nah?: is dicaprio being raped by a bear in this revenant' scene? 
 0-child rapist raped, stitched by medics and reraped by ... 
 3-went up a notch or two since kevin james got ass raped by a flamingo. 
 3-child rapist raped, stitched by medics and reraped by  prisoners 
 0-child rapist raped, stitched by medics and reraped by  prisoners 
 3-well then don't complain about men being raped by women if you don't need us 
 3-we've all been virtually ass raped by without lube. please help us 
 0-i have a male friend who was raped by a woman at the age of .. she kept doing it and he's been truly scarred 
 0-its vile but its an anomaly. not one but , muslim women were raped by christian serbs. is that christian culture? 
 0-shenron was raped by the blue dragon that's why he didn't come out.. its obvious.. where's vegeta?? i miss his 
 3-dog was raped by the man and died pictures see here... 
 0-child rapist raped, stitched by medics and reraped by  prisoners 
 0-we also live in a world where men can't be raped by women. 
 3-when we were raped by barca and benitez was only caring about his hamburger. smh. 
 3-she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at . after  years, she reveals her story. 
 0-and a woman maybe a black woman suggested that submit to being by any cop vs. shooting in 
 0-i got raped by a platypus when i was , please donate me some so i can buy an iphone s thanks. 
 0-she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at . after  years, she reveals her story. 
 0-that's exactly what you're suggesting that a allow herself to be raped by white cops or any cop vs. self defense 
 3-just standing there, doing nothing, while his girlfriend got beat up and raped by her own husband. goddamn. 
 0-transgender woman locked in allmale prison lived in constant fear of being raped by inmates 
 1-pure?you nigger you have been raped by jarrer aka bantus. 
 3-if a man say he was raped by a woman it's stop being a pussy" a girl get raped it's sick fuck, cut his dick off!" 
 3-the most beautiful pleasure in your body is totaly raped by the apes of thora. the apes from teh vatican. touching your self is beautiful. 
 3-the most beautiful pleasure in your body is totaly raped by the apes of thora. the apes from teh vatican. touching your self is beautiful. 
 0-a girl that got raped by  guys and later finds out she's pregnant has every right to consider abortion. stop judging people you don't know 
 0-she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at . after  years, she reveals her story. 
 0-and it's all free. y'all keep getting raped by these cable company's tho 
 0-i have a homeboy who was raped by his neighbor. it was his virginity too. 
 0-kim bokdong said she was raped by soldiers during korean war huh? 
 0-sixyearold girl raped by an year old boy just when we thot  was too young 
 0-dad who's son was raped by teacher files suit over alleged coverup! 
 3-niggas really out here blaming  year old girls for being raped by r. kelly. i gotta get off twitter man. 
 3-she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at . after  years, she reveals her story. 
 0-she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at . after  years, she reveals her story. 
 3-is being raped by a uber driver what you call 
 0-transgender woman locked in allmale prison lived in constant fear of being raped by inmates 
 0-when a girl says she really means; i hope you get shot fall off a bridge get raped by a shark and then eaten by it 
 3-yup, me too then i was raped by a  yr old when i was ... 
 0-my buddy hawk went to a steelers game awhile back. did he get raped by roethlisberger while he was there? 
 3-the lady who decades ago was drugged and raped by that midler?" 
 3-ya.... lol let's say we got raped by cloud  aka silly mochila merk burns on uplink breach..... bad. 
 0-transgender woman locked in allmale prison lived in constant fear of being raped by inmates 
 0-retweeted professor jay trump bernie sanders dislikes the term he prefers by... 
 1-did this dude really just call me a sand nigger 
 1-f ken good! tell the whore to f off back to sand nigger land! 
 1-evil sand nigger 
 3-how u gonna say nigga and than say sand nigger?? lmaoo 
 1-i am at work you sand nigger. 
 1-sand nigger 
 1-you're the one sand nigger i know i wouldn't mind being inside 
 1-dum fuckin sand nigger 
 1-this camel riding sheep fucking sand nigger is all talk bring it u fuck we r waiting with open arms 
 3-i don't speak sand nigger. 
 3-i have so many dodgy acxounts following me bate cia tryna deport my sand nigger ass 
 1-i will stop using the word nigga when you stop calling me a sand nigger 
 1-niggers are so fucking mad just cause the shooter was a sand nigger kebab go take your anger out on them 
 3-cause you're cool and i think it was a sand nigger 
 1-when sand nigger gf finds out i like anime tities 
 1-i liked a video sand nigger can't shoot a gun 
 1-pfff i dont even know who you are. the spazzy sand nigger tagged me in 
 1-pakis arent arabs we're more south asians but sand nigger is just so fucking stupid not even funny. 
 1-you stupid sand nigger porch monkey mysogynist asshole! a fucking retarded, right wing shill!" progressives to 
 1-that's not cool to call anyone a sand nigger, camel jokey, etc, etc. i've been called that as well and i'm black. 
 1-gtfo this country we don't need your sand nigger kind 
 1-i dont like r kelly music not one bit, but that sand nigger bitch with the british accent was the worst kind of woman i ever seen fuck her 
 3-what the actual is a sand nigger somebody pls tell 
 3-i look like a sand nigger 
 1-yeah! after i get the jews i'll get a token faggot sand nigger. then i can associate with alex jones! 
 1-reminder that patrick mcnair is a sand nigger 
 3-wtf is a sand nigger you dumb cracker bitch?? 
 1-allahuakbar sand nigger 
 3-it's something we are all used to and he is an ugly sand nigger 
 1-if you're here to call me a sand nigger/wish death upon all muslims, the line's over there. just follow the stench of your fellow dipshits. 
 1-a dirty sand nigger terrorist? 
 1-you fuckin sand nigger 
 1-i think sand nigger is the best term created 
 3-dirty sand nigger, learn english 
 3-i already mentioned  sand nigger you midget islam fuck 
 3-you obviously care sand nigger 
 1-lol sand nigger that's mad ur mum was rolling all over my sand still 
 1-aha mature as fuck, just like your sand nigger isis friend 
 1-fuck mohamed, may piss be upon his degenerate pedophile sand nigger ass. 
 3-the first time someone called me a sand nigger i was just so confused. i didn't even understand what they were trying to say 
 3-if you're here to call me a sand nigger/wish death upon all muslims, the line's over there. just follow the stench of your fellow dipshits. 
 1-i miss u sand nigger 
 1-block me then gomd you always in mine anyway fuck allah and you goat worshiper sand nigger 
 1-if you support refugees, you should kill yourself right now, since you're no better than sand nigger filth 
 1-something needs to be done about isis! but instead our sand nigger president want stricter gun control for his own people! don't make sense. 
 3-question: should someone be able to say nigger" in a college? 
 3-fine then you deal with your sand nigger problem yourself if that's how you feel when allies come to try to help 
 1-y u not comin thru lately u sand nigger 
 1-was peak times when i had sand nigger pakis in my mentions that day 
 1-pontus wernbloom is a sand nigger 
 0-black/black crime, bcuz we're sppsd  b better than savages that stole us n this  yr old society of aggression 
 1-depraved mindless savages. that migrant word keeps raising its ugly head 
 1-these are the savages that the dems tell us to embrace with open arms.sick,violent culture has no place in civilized 
 0-do yourself a favor and get hip to ill fated natives before they blow up. savages that don't mean are good songs to start with. 
 0-if you don't fear savages that are raised to kill you, your survival instinct has failed you 
 0-got some savages that will pull up at ya door 
 0-actually it's savages that produced a falsified reality, disguised as a civilization. that's why some things r off 
 0-add up all my savages that's a quick  g herbo 
 3-its so sad how so many men are assholes and savages that it seems to ruin it for the rest of them 
 0-got love for my savages that held me down when ian have shit 
 3-you can't teach rd worlder savages that sort of stuff. norway is teaching refugees about sexual consent 
 0-everyone is equal racist. those rd world savages that vote for communists at home, love western liberty 
 0-the savages that's who lol 
 0-may peace be upon my savages that strive to live peacefully 
 3-the admins of this account would just like to take a moment to appreciate all the straight douchebags and savages that the sicl 
 0-white people also emphasis to their children that marriage is an expectation. meanwhile we raising savages that covet single life. 
 3-sweden and obama/gope are importing savages that do this sick crap&gt;&gt;&gt; 
 1-easy to hate jews when ur religious bros are barbaric,regressive savages that no amount of time/land/money can save 
 3-pappy sound like a demon in savages, that's why i fucks with him 
 0-i call isis whatt it is militaristic bunch of savages that still believe in a th century warlord 
 0-boys are savages. that's how this  wants  spend christmas in a brothel 
 3-all my niggas savages that's omm 
 0-who the hell eats chocolate from an advent calendar out of sequence?? savages. that's who. sheesh. 
 0-savages that's what we are. 
 3-this is to the previous reposted twerking shit video, my followers savages that's not her 
 3-she live in the city. damn right she not no virgin. memphis got some savages that's gone sweet talk her to death 
 0-the mall is the grossest place to be right now. full of procrastinating savages that respect personal space 
 0-please stop trying to perpetuate the narrative that men are savages that have no conyrol over their genitalia. 
 0-we some savages that's what the hood made us 
 0-or you could move to norway, where they now try to educate these savages that raping women is no good. the death of europe... 
 0-savages that claim they kill for religion? what if i just want to follow my religion without 
 1-better gaddafi than the moslem savages that came after him. 
 0-they supporting glizzy. they angry at the mephis savages that snatched his chain bc he ain't do a song with them 
 0-if i were to say christians are blood thirsty savages that have killed thousands of ppl to convert 
 0-killary have lost the plot..there is only one thing trump will do to those savages that is complete annihilation! 
 1-period facts don't lie blacks r born animals and savages that belong in the jungle 
 0-i hang with savages that live lavish 
 3-kenyans are becoming youtube comments savages... that jimmy gait video comments section... ooh lord 
 3-people be swearing they can turn into savages. that shit is innate, not something that can be turned on and off. 
 1-stop stop stop stop stop eli sucks always has savages that bail him out with crazy catches you best be joking 
 1-muslims are a disgusting race of savages that need deportation 
 0-couple savages that's all on 
 0-cell phone zombies and money hungry savages that lost their humanity chasing pieces of paper oh i do love the human race 
 0-probably the same savages that remade the longest yard. won't watch them. 
 0-i work with savages that steal postits off your desk yes, post its!! 
 3-so it's fault that isis is a bunch of sub human savages that gang rape christians? fuck you, bro. 
 0-just dead animals on my tl such savages that meat gona go down though. 
 0-the iaf should do a over" to remind those savages that it can happen again. any where any time 
 1-doesn't that tell you a lot about the moral caliber of the sort of islamic savages that norway has allowed to move in? 
 3-bitch im 
 1-fuck ya feelings ain't no sorrys bitch shoot dat nigga and his shorty bitch 
 3-talm bout shorty bitch that's strike one 
 1-fuck your feelings and your sorries bitch shoot a nigga and his shorty bitch 
 3-shoot that his shorty" jokes 
 3-hey everything i love you to death shorty. bitch, ain't no you without me heart in human form. 
 3-shoot that nigga his shorty bitch 
 1-that nigga and his shorty bitch. his shorty bitch 
 3-hit that nigga and his shorty bitch shorty bitch 
 1-shoot dat nigga his shorty bitch...shorty bitch 
 3-even shorty bitch 
 1-shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch 
 3-all of a sudden i'm gone and you wanna go to yo house. bullshit i know shorty bitch was there. 
 3-boost mobile shorty bitch hit ma chirp 
 3-it's all fun games till i that nigga his shorty bitch" and end up in prison 
 3-when tall ass girls call themselves shorty bitch where? 
 1-shoot that nigga his shorty bitch 
 1-fuck your feelings ain't no sorry bitch. shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch 
 3-since a shorty bitch we been them niggas 
 3-bitch yu seen me calling yu 
 1-shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch 
 3-i annoyed the fuck outta shorty bitch one night funniest day of my life 
 1-shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch 
 3-lemme just block shorty bitch tweakin' 
 3-told shorty bitch look at my dab! 
 1-shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch! 
 3-a huge round of applause to my shorty bitch legs 
 3-i would like to extend my gratitude to my shorty bitch legs for disappointing me every second of the day... 
 1-shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch 
 1-fuck yo feelings ain't no sorry bitch shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch. 
 1-shoot that nigga his shorty bitch 
 1-shoot that nigga and his shorty, bitch! 
 3-shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch 
 0-it's a damn shame i have to drive all the way out to cobb pkwy to get to a barnes and noble since they closed the one in camp creek. 
 0-i think that's also valuable for your audience since they trust your voice. 
 0-people walking and looking at their cellphone, who block you from passing since they can't walk a straight line 
 0-philly is worse imo... in fairness, haven't been there since they redid terminal f)... 
 0-usual cleanser. i've had one since they came out and will never use anything else. don't waste your on the knockoff ones, not 
 0-i guess i can look forward to going home everyday at : since they took all my overtime away 
 0-time to bake wine biscuits since they take forever 
 0-since they have been removing the  way streets in downtown hamilton i have avoided going down there because of the traffic 
 0-but the proud once are always used and abused since they overrate their beauty." ones* 
 0-if one is using a walkaround weight policy, does that mean all champions have to vacate their titles since they don't walk at that weight? 
 0-bots make them look like notrandom links from your friends that you know, since they stole the account 
 0-yuuuppp but i need a bomb ass hoodie/shirt for the concert or after, maybe you should start selling them since they dont 
 0-the point is moot since they all will be in the super bowl. 
 0-i hate tablet since they're big and hard to bring at school but sometimes i love them since they have less bugs than my phone xd 
 0-apparently my pants were and since they didn't have pockets they were considered as leggings. 
 0-oh my god i dont think i've ever heard this one since they always sing nothing but what makes you beautiful 
 0-welp, i might buy a subscription for swtor for  month since they are giving a free extra month away. 
 3-would've done more than just thrown a fucking phone on the road... leave them alone. especially since they're angry already. 
 0-actually they send the selca to each other via kkt. since they are in different 
 0-all is like noone since they are both huh 
 1-about we get rid of all the muslims in america since they all are evil. 
 0-merry christmas from been wanting these socks since they announced them! 
 0-facts. the only shoe i've wanted since they started this 
 3-niggas love talkin bout us since they can't guard 
 0-can't believe it's been a year since they kilt my cousin rip 
 0-rebate fail again! starting to feel like it's a scam since they refuse to honor the rebates. stop offering them if you can't pay up! 
 0-i think the falcons should shut up and play since they got molly whopped  last time. 
 0-pretty much all books released before  are not canon anymore, since they've released a few hat are canon 
 0-mushrooms improve hearing abilities, since they contain vitamin d,which is healthy for bones,especially the three tiny boned in the ear. 
 0-ohey so i started writing another thing last night cx) and since they were watching, do you wanna see it 
 0-is it just me? i find it difficult to like something on twitter since they changed the star to a heart. 
 0-isn't fun anymore since they stopped showing the charges. 
 0-ya, but since they're banking on a sw movie every year for next five or so, could see why they didn't stray too far 
 3-ohhh shit! hes fuckin up tribes n shit since they wont let him in the cage!! anderson silva vs tribe via youtube 
 0-jehova's witness need to know this since they love to quote bible but deny chirst's deity 
 0-have any other iphone /s users had issues with internet connections since they bought it? this was never an issue before. 
 0-it has been one year since they couldn't pop the biggest bottles because makorra didn't become canon. suck on that. 
 0-seen in daily kos, salon,slate and huffpost. mostly young who take losing an election as an affront since they know best. 
 0-they do not have the concept of massiah since they consider themselves the chosen nation.. 
 3-harsh way since they don't seem to fucking understand 
 0-how long its been since they last saw you 
 0-only person's album that i've bought consistently since they first came out was 
 0-i haven't had chipotle since they announced the e. coli nonsense i promise you it's been a struggle cause chipotle is life lol 
 3-of course it is, these bastards have not made one single investment of any sense since they gained power, all... 
 0-you can send my prize to the refs since they took it from me. 
 0-i wished he didn't have any justification at all but mb the charac has influences from psycho since they love their references 
 0-thanks for reply, can you make my account instant so they can solve for me faster!! since they really don't answer me please. 
 0-i like them so much ever since they're still not married 
 0-true. not the law, but since they're criminally liable for selling to underage, it may as well be. 
 0-i think i'll just go work for gmc since they charged me  for half hour of labor. 
 0-spear chucker 
 3-spear chucker has got to be the funniest way to call a nigga a nigga 
 3-that's because nobody cares about a dumb suicidal spear chucker 
 1-your a spic you african spear chucker 
 1-spear chucker twitter gonna attack me for this 
 3-racism makes no goddamn sense. spearchucker sounds fucking badass. hey black guys! look at you with your martial prowess. wankers!" 
 0-spear chucker 
 3-lmfao whenever i hear tht movie name i think of eric bullying josh in highschool calling him a fkn spear chucker 
 0-you can't listen to a spear chucker. 
 3-oh really u dumb ass nigger spear chucker 
 1-o oh well i will hang you like if you were an annoying melon sucker spear chucker 
 0-spear chucker 
 1-what did you have for dinner tonight? scorpion and gazelle meat on a stick you spear chucker 
 0-what's a spear chucker 
 1-next time you wanna call that coon a porch monkey, call that spear chucker a jig, spook, or moon cricket 
 0-just tried to pour coco pops into orange juice. i think that's a sign today's not my day and i should try again tomorrow 
 0-words that offend you: spear chucker nignog submitted by bread_nbutter comments] 
 1-i know that spear chucker ain't getting rowdy 
 0-what's a spear chucker 
 0-merry christmas and happy new year. the end of spear chucker jones! 
 1-swamp ninja, spear chucker, yard ape clown lmaooooo 
 3-awwwwwww u a spear chucker and yes 
 3-who the f is that spear chucker talkign about whites tat way on your tweet? what is going on? 
 0-confessions of a spearchucker 
 1-this is a no spear chucker zone 
 1-simmer down, spear chucker 
 3-spear chucker 
 0-spear chucker/ chuckers would you back for giving the aids? 
 3-bush wookie, spear chucker, or... idk 
 3-u r the real fuckin bigot who hate our bloody presence on this planet. u can't stand that we are countering u now 
 0-can't stand that 
 0-i can't stand that iffy shit 
 0-tell us what you can't stand that people do at your workplace. in the office, work vehicle, staff room, etc. time... 
 0-does anyone know a screen capture tool that was as easy to use as older version? can't stand that anymore 
 0-i don't think i could stand that sunrise and sunset times in boden via 
 0-you're a newbie to this whole magic thing, please don't, you'll get hurt! i couldn't stand that! 
 0-you have the right to celebrate christmas any way you please or not at all the religious right can't stand that. 
 0-anymore. i couldn't stand that bmw, ha ha ha! bmw make pure trouble. 
 0-omg i can't stand that mf'er he give me all the bullets to shoot shots at his ass 
 3-well you need to go to the doctor for some meds or something because i can't stand that shit 
 0-i don't believe in god but i celebrate christmas as spending time with family. i can't stand that in brunei it's banned! 
 0-ihatid sila hanggang grabd stand. that's all i could do sa blessing na natanggap ko today. thank you po. 
 0-i just can't stand that we had a top  d and this scheme has completely ruined that. so now rex will rebuild to his liking. 
 3-cannot stand that man. so full of shit. 
 3-i promise i can't stand that dumb shit 
 0-if it bleeds it leads. and that nancy grace is grotesques. i can't stand that women. 
 3-i really can not fucking stand that fake shit. do not be out here talking big shit about somebody to just be right back in their face. smh 
 3-job get, but before i opened my mouth, i could tell the guy wrote me off as just another nigga. i can't stand that shit. 
 0-i can't stand that dog it's so annoying 
 0-can't stand that  twack in a room so i just bounced out lol 
 0-can't stand that got kicked from 
 0-oh lord i can't stand that word 
 0-i can't stand that i still have night bars because of you 
 0-can't stand that 
 0-i can't stand that i'm home sick from work. i feel like i'm letting my team down but most importantly, my babies. 
 0-can't stand that kinda screeming. 
 0-it'll be a sad day for me. i can't stand that guy 
 3-can't stand that shit 
 0-all msm libs rinos dc cartel can't stand that americans loath them. trump schlonged the whole lot. not a factor any longer 
 0-always being a reaction and building a case of defense for a stand that was not arrived at but acquired doesn't keep the conversation open. 
 0-you'll address an issue you have with something your girl did today and she'll bring up something you did last month. can't stand that 
 3-can't fucking stand that shit either....assume they have a man bun under it. 
 0-the sensible ones don't. the rest of them? can't stand that we have joy from something they roundly reject. 
 0-can't stand that sooraj guy ugh 
 3-i love my bffs enough tho i can't stand that bitch von sometimes but i love him shae 
 0-had a  nite stand that was never shown. so how does that make him at a couple? like i said any 
 0-went civic to do about of shopping went home  mins later with s bottle of coke can't stand that many people 
 3-i can't live with drama i can't stand that shit it's irritating to me i'm to old for children shit go play with ya kids not me 
 0-darpok log stop saying anti jaitley. it was an anti corruption stand that bjp doesnt like. 
 0-cannot stand that vapid woman. ugh 
 0-i cant stand that idiot 
 0-cant stand that song... whoever brought it back mmmmm 
 3- bitches texted me last night with gotta question" still haven't got a reply to either one. i can't stand that shit. 
 0-i can't stand that girl 
 3-can't stand that you might be an follower but no 
 0-no! can't stand that song! 
 3-i can't stand that mofo on my tl 
 0-lol i can't stand that green indomie. it's disgusting to me. 
 3-like how you despise rapists but everybody who don't agree with you you call a rapist. i can't stand that snowman built ass girl. 
 1-everyone follow the stupid nigger thanks 
 1-i don't care how nice a racist is to you, u kno when they go home they are calling you a stupid nigger 
 1-pull the trigger you stupid nigger 
 3-it's the owners of miss universe fault for hiring a stupid nigger that looks like the missing link 
 3-tomori quit interacting with my tweets stupid nigger 
 1-i went to checkers to see if they were open tonight and one of the employees getting off yelled closed you stupid nigger go home" 
 3-stupid nigger! 
 3-stupid nigger that's mcdonald's lmao 
 1-stupid nigger. 
 1-that's a car, stupid nigger. 
 1-stupid nigger 
 3-shut the fuck up you stupid nigger 
 1-like hes gonna be like ones for christian stupid nigger 
 1-goodbye stupid nigger. you have no fucking concept of what you're talking about. 
 3-then block me you stupid nigger 
 1-stupid nigger 
 0-talking like she's annie oakley 
 3-black patron just called black cashier a stupid nigger. but obviously i'm the racist. somehow. 
 1-stupid nigger 
 3-stupid nigger 
 1-stupid nigger 
 1-stupid nigger deserved it. 
 1-stupid nigger got 'd 
 1-what the fuck did i just say u stupid nigger 
 1-this stupid nigger and his wrench 
 1-stupid nigger i'm master prestige. you're supposed to run and gun not play like a faggot bush camper with no gun skill. 
 1-i don't read youtube comments because i don't like to make a habit of seeing stupid nigger cunt". 
 1-i don't see stupid nigger monkey up there 
 3-to be fair, you are a stupid nigger 
 1-stupid nigger 
 1-im done following fukkkkking retardssssssssss stupid.nigger.named.kanye.west likes niggers on his dickckckckckckck! 
 1-nice life stupid nigger 
 1-colombia not columbia stupid nigger 
 1-shut the fuck stupid nigger faggot 
 3-you stupid nigger mother fucker 
 3-driver in las vegas strip crash by security guards harassing her dumb ass stupid nigger! where's 
 1-i followed you, fucking stupid nigger 
 3-basketball is a game fr stupid nigger's just like rapping. 
 1-stupid nigger 
 1-don't play stupid nigger 
 3-went from steve harvey wild.. to nigger" ppl are crazy 
 1-alex is a stupid nigger 
 3-not even the jokes, i get that. but to call him nigger" and all this fuck shit.... really lets you see people true feelings. 
 1-stupid nigger and dumb bitch 
 1-nigger retard: it's almost unheard of for an asian woman to marry a younger man of any race. stupid nigger. 
 3-the don: would have been avoided if i still owned the contest' yeah, never, ever hire a stupid nigger to do any job! 
 3-no doubt i blocked that stupid nigger! 
 3-fuck you stupid nigger 
 1-hey first off you are half white, middle class america hates you because of your policies not race, stupid nigger 
 3-you're just a stupid nigger you should shut the fuck up! 
 0-i need sleep omg 
 0-just landed in denver next stop san antonio! 
 3-idk who that is sue that fag 
 3-mpdushha that fag 
 3-i can't stand that 
 1-lmaooo in february watch that fag gonna get his 
 0-thet smell like a doctors office and noodles. 
 0-awe cute little asian couple is sitting next to me. lol 
 0-next stop denver! then san antonio! 
 3-you sound like a dl nigga in denial especially with that like avi. who you tryna fool 
 3-no keep that fag shit over there 
 1-ew that fag 
 3-ah my yg! tbh you're funny af and chill you're fun to talk to you're my english buddy! don't forget that fag see what i did there 
 1-ahahahah that fag got aids 
 0-on my way to the airport! 
 3-cant believe ur playing with that fag 
 3-remember when emma roberts brings that fag back to life and has weird three ways with him later on in coven 
 3-roasted that fag lol 
 0-but she used to get mad bc i worked every day 
 1-hate that fag 
 3-lol that fag played lacrosse also... so we can just leave it at that 
 1-that's what that fag gets for trying to fuck with nature... 
 1-fuck that fag shit. if she mean it she'll sneak in your chimney 
 0-like i haven't seen my family or friends in  months and i left on a bad note. 
 0-im getting really anxious about going home. 
 0-that fag joey grashita and his bf look like literal twins wtf. 
 3-that fag happens to be my best friend and she's wearing my christmas gift 
 1-you think i really care for that fag gtfo 
 3-never talked to that fag but he blocked me lmao 
 1-you piece of shit. i stepped on dog puke last night cause your faggot ass was feeding that fag fries 
 3-i'm gonna have to invest in a butt plug rooming with that fag tho 
 3-i see the notallggr apologist has shown up. that fag needs a hobby. maybe try taking a bath to get a date 
 3-overrated like that fag von miller 
 3-deeper than that...he could've seriously injured norman with that fag shit 
 3-fag who played straight from the brum show was lucky had mad two shows running. 
 3-that fag quette made that picture 
 3-what about that fag? 
 3-he just had to sleep on my fav spot pfft only recently every night he wna sleep near me but isok that fag cute 
 1-iont even affiliate wit that fag shit 
 3-great job.. lemme block that fag as well 
 1-this was cool until i saw that fag grahmnesty 
 3-that human just wanted a present which is your ass or bacon. just joking, love ya. shame that fag, he wanted to shit himself 
 3-i miss that 
 3-tf is that fag gonna do w/ that banana? 
 1-where that fag he ain't text back lmao 
 3-im cool with the gay shit but dont talk about my dad like that fag 
 0-davion stop saying that fag 
 3-buy me a ticket to see that fag and i'll go 
 1-why would you wanna tweet some shit like that no homo don't cover up that fag shit 
 3-not many people can fuck with that fag 
 1-the nerve of that faggot. 
 1-idk how you guys get though a butt king video. that faggot puts me the sleep!! 
 3-omg i remember that faggot 
 3-fuck no that faggot is weak lmfao 
 1-deleting that faggot in my life 
 1-i hate that faggot ass ugly ass nigga always white knighting in hopes to get some fat bitches nudes 
 3-dont talk about my mrs like that faggot 
 3-as someone who lives on b, that faggot doesn't know what a normie is. he's just trying to sound edgy 
 3-i ain't defending r.kelly. i don't even like his music. fuck that faggot. 
 3-my god obj is a clown. wish josh norman would've slapped that faggot ass haircut off his ugly ass head on the spot tbh 
 3-lol, that faggot defending your dumb ass is a dude? 
 1-so its that faggot u bought the acc from 
 3-faggot george lucas" shit 
 3-guide to making a good movie: keep that faggot george lucas far away from it being made 
 1-that vid of that faggot punching that girl in the bathroom is wild, son the camera man are both busters i hope they get maxed soon 
 3-rehs, i remember him. what ever happened to that faggot lmao 
 1-fuck that faggot ! where am i at??? 
 3-its probably that faggot rehs, still has twitter pass 
 3-u coming ptown lid? with me and that faggot? 
 3-subtweeting about that faggot called ron imagine printing out a conversation and placing it into a best friends frame, im very hally 
 3-ahahhah yu already no text me one these day bro we out and marius too haven't seen that faggot in a while either 
 1-fuck that faggot little bitch he is a disgrace and the dirtiest player in the nfl. i'm glad he ain't in philly 
 1-that faggot bitch just made me mad too 
 1-well i hate that faggot 
 3-that mode that faggot is in 
 1-uhm sure but im not playing on that faggot saggio kids host 
 3-that faggot tyler has a crush on you too. gays are gonna rape you rofl 
 1-hey, who's that faggot?" 
 1-fuck him, no mercy for that faggot 
 3-can someone please make sure that faggot sees this video 
 3-convo kinda went like this. me: fuck youuuuu is playfully not malicious) her: ya like that faggot me: 
 1-fuck that faggot he can eat my dick 
 3-dude this shit is stupid..i never followed that faggot that's gay af 
 3-they never revealed that faggot. she isn't gonna be. 
 3-get on with that faggot ass shit 
 1-stfu you and that faggot lebron 
 3-this the only time i exposed a nigga this year and that faggot tried the wrong bitch 
 3-that faggot blocked me because i told him he was being cheap when he was trying to negotiate my gfx prices 
 1-i hate that faggot 
 1-who is that faggot 
 1-i already knew that faggot 
 1-that faggot waits for me to post more pics of me so he can use them for pleasure 
 3-fuck that faggot 
 3-y did u let that faggot takei misconstrue the facts of the camps 
 1-deaf greg lmaooooo that faggot 
 1-i'll stop when that faggot learns his place in life 
 1-and you're that faggot most of the time! 
 1-imagine having to live your life day by day being dare airez it would be a living nightmare i hate that faggot 
 3-if yo nigga on that bitch shit tell that faggot ass nigga to go sit with the other bitches 
 1-cash is surprisingly absent knowing that faggot is actually male. 
 0-thanks steve, that field in tasmania, just wondering where they are selling to 
 0-in that field ever again. enter you, trying to make my life difficult. you think i give af about your apparently encyclopedic / 
 0-does this have something to do with that or whatever it was that you were talking about earlier? 
 3-y'all need to get off obj nut sack, he was the main one acting like a bitch on that field 
 0-really need to get back on the weights working on that 
 0-goodluck bro! keep putting in work and we'll be on that field together 
 0-lmao i can't. i'm not a pro at that field. 
 0-ready to see out there on that field making them brutal hits 
 3-yall shoulda seen us doin' donuts in that field last night, shit was lit 
 0-the key is the word i may try to impersonate a financier on twitter, but i am really on a schlonk in that field 
 0-hangover update: that field looks like a good place to cry 
 0-incredibly. wonderful time to work in that field. 
 0-not everyone's, just those in public sector. not sure anyone in that field should earn more than pm. 
 0-in that field that soaked up our sweat, the sun shining on our backs is ablaze. 
 0-every job requires a minimum of like / years working experience in that field. how sway? 
 0-yeah i am weak in that field 
 0-our mind is like a field, and performing actions is like sowing seeds in that field. geshe kelsang gyatso 
 0-not everyone is equal on that field, you gotta show appreciation to your star players..a confident player is a dabgerous player. 
 0-it is posible but i am not an expert in that field. tile smoker, e.v.d. 
 0-rather than the treasure buried in a field that a man finds and goes and sells all he has to buy that field. 
 3-as a kid i grew up wanting to be a police officer and i still kinda want to but man, so many racist pigs in that field it's disgusting. 
 0-i did so badly for something i was pretty passionate about and i was hoping to work in that field 
 0-cannot wait to get back on that field 
 0-i heard dude saying kirk. you hell but keep balling on that field bro 
 0-if chrom hadn't found me lying in that field, who knows what would've happened to me... 
 0-i'm waiting to see you on that field killing 
 3-leel was a real boy on that field still can't believe that nigga was that quick lol 
 0-not crediting norman for the drop but that obviously wasnt odell's best on that field and norman surely was in his head 
 0-before paying for expensive professional advice, try a friend in that field, you might get it for free 
 0-thank you we going to miss you next year on that field 
 0-you wont see me on that field tomorrow but you will see me in league 
 0-happy bday to my nephew im proud of you my g, you making us proud on that field lol.. turn up my boy 
 0-let me tell you im waiting on his eagles game. im waiting for djax to act a fool and fly up and down that field 
 0-nobody an expert in that field i gotta know if you can date kaiju monsters 
 0-bc you're one of the best players out on that field 
 0-get well soon, much love. you will truly be missed on that field. 
 3-honestly it's whatever, go to that field five minutes away from ur house and fuck a kangaroo. 
 0-sickness finally gone! time to start hitting that field hard! 
 3-niggas ain't even in that field fr 
 0-you know you gonna be the first one on that field stop fronting on twitter 
 3-i really wanna get back on that field which means working my ass off. 
 0-happy birthday see u on that field next 
 0-wait, some people think benedict anderson isn't polisci"? that field can be so lost in mathmagicland sometimes 
 0-lol i barely got it but yall not fwm on that 
 0-get the troops ready e, everything is left out on that field monday night. let's get it done, we believe in you guys. 
 0-just watched the special on hiv/aids from a month ago. i had no clue that w did so much good in that field. 
 0-csr activities by travel agents? yes, this agency in fact excels in 
 3-okay but like i said, they're super anal about that field 
 0-the turf? we'd have to move goals and be super careful on that field 
 0-i hate that field. it hurts my eyes. 
 3-i'm surprised that made it on there. 
 3-read the research on cutting off penis and this first generation never a nigger dad from luo tribe that nigger tribe to most 
 3-where the fuck is my lord and savior you are my only normal friend besides tiw but all that nigger does is tweet about sports 
 0-true 
 0-hope y'all got ya chris brown royalty album. you can get it from 
 1-you've had that nigger aids a long time! riddled. 
 3-c'mon, guys... ya'll can't slander weed coz of that nigger. please leave weed outta 
 3-so every time i walk out of my cousins house i yell catch that nigger he's a runner" 
 1-a lesson!! that nigger bitch! back off and go back to the pigsty where you belong!! angolan pig! ptu!! 
 3-i've started telling people i'm voting for trump so they feel better about it. learn from the faggots: be loud and be proud! 
 1-the faggots are violent against us! the patriots are rising though! we're taking back our country! 
 1-for stay and work harder and showed to all the faggots that u're deserved to be called an idol 
 3-don't comment on vids from this the faggots get their kicks 
 1-comment not on the vids from this the faggots get their kicks 
 1-i hoping the try, i really really do looooolololol 
 3-stop fuckin playin with me lmfao boy said brentwood thas the faggots im from chula vista logan heights 
 3-it's garbage! the faggots urinate on crosses, the muslims kill christians, yet we don't want to offend them! 
 3-yeah totally. if they cheated as much as the faggots in ne just imagine what they could accomplish 
 1-i hate the faggots who get like  kills on nuke town, but don't have any flag captures etc 
 1-a hit of the vape a day, keeps the faggots aways 
 3-not the players fault that the faggots on first take don't ever bring them up since that is the casual fans' show. 
 3-haha bitch i will never forgive the faggots who betray me 
 1-i'm happy tim is alive so he can keep on spreading aids to the rest of the faggots he fucks. he does serve a purpose 
 3-the faggots stormed his gates like vampires but not blood seekers cum and feces' seekers 
 3-hahaha the faggots who thought throwing a fucking pepsi bottle at my truck would be funny, come by again and actually stop this time pussies 
 1-all cuz he didn't knock before entering the faggots office bro. my bitch michelle phifer held it down 
 1-twitter bash of the faggots 
 1-i'm a fascist, fuck fashion gucci belts is for the faggots. 
 3-happy belated birthday to the faggots that never fail to make my day ever since form 
 1-better than the from 
 1-the faggots deserve to die just as much as the losers in the military volunteering is redundant 
 3-fuck all the faggots with a big ego 
 1-that's enough likes for a fav spam like for the faggots) i hope you're ready! 
 3-cheers to the faggots hoe hoe hoe 
 3-cute day at winter wonderland with the faggots 
 3-i would fuck this dudes life up and all the faggots in the room letting him do it 
 1-where were you when god died? burning in hell with the rest of the faggots 
 1-i'll sort the faggots out 
 3-you look like the faggots in the videos 
 1-must have been the 
 3-such a shame when assholes like think they're actually better than other!! ps leave the alone grandpa 
 1-thats how u show the faggots how to play zombies 
 1-with all the faggots that work at shlong is word all have heard and why all the drama 
 1-can't wait to beat the faggots ass that keep egging my house 
 3-had a gr day with the faggots 
 3-cinema is team work with no caste/religion/race bar but the faggots protesting carry brains of maggots dont know shit about it 
 3-not even the faggots on the west, you should be a crime. 
 0-the faggots of fire and the fanning embers of war are: habit of bad language uncritical attitudes to power. work on it from the within. 
 3-can't wait to see all the faggots from back home. 
 1-kill all the faggots that don't agree 
 1-talking like the faggots is so much fun tho. 
 3-do nottttt back down to the faggots!!! hitler was a well known sodomite and so was mohammed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 1-idk thomas might've taken it to school to kill some of the faggots he's been talking about ill ask him 
 3-as cringe as it sounds i'm so glad to start a new year and leave all the faggots 
 3-i feel bad for the faggots that have to settle for cicis lol 
 3-thanks. best buy told me to contact sony. and trust me last thing i want to do is go to the faggots that created the problem 
 1-i'll sort the faggots out 
 3-does anyone know a place that will repair a hdmi port on a ps the faggots and best buy said they can't do it 
 1-realest of the faggots bro 
 3-yall niggas don't understand the female struggles. 
 0-but why is it that hollywood always casts a nazi to play the female academic?? hmmm?? 
 0-fionagoddess: done really interesting films like the female johnny depp. she could be... 
 0-support efforts of the female rangers in the virunga national park 
 0-my bestfriend is the female version of me 
 0-you can't run for president and use the female/feminist victim card. 
 0-people saying the female character in force awakens is mary sue obviously didn't watch it. her name is rey not mary 
 0-get up van ciara the female m.j. she can dance the hotttesttt. 
 0-hahahaha! the female orgasm is complex but kinda cool to read into if you have time 
 0-is the female entrepreneur's film of the year! get inspired and 
 0-but you have to walk more to the female toilet 
 3-pedophilia topic on the tl..... i'll slide over to the female discussion on the tl 
 0-i remind myself of the female smithy of gavin n stacey 
 0-if you don't know how to ride then you really don't know how to have sex. riding is the one position where the female has complete control. 
 0-also why didn't i get to kiss the female lead did jj chicken out? big fan of your works. 
 0-dudes still be out here arguing with female's.. well which is really the female 
 0-benzino wanted to love and hip hop all the female cast lol@mtvbaseafrica 
 3-fine feathers make fine birds or although the monkey is dressed in silk, she remains a monkey 
 0-riiiight. kinda. because it's not like...an exact science. the female orgasm is intense and complicated me, still) 
 3-so now the female feminist what to come at me i could be calling yo ass a bitch is that better than female 
 0-said the female worker to her male cubiclemate, you earn what i earn?" 
 0-star wars: the force awakens was amazing! i love the look to the original trilogy, but the surprise highlight for me was the female lead rey 
 3-i'm just guessing the originator of that question just took the vagina out of the female anatomy 
 0-the female version of you 
 0-this song missy elliot and pharell drop no one in the female rap can have nothin on also 
 3-niggas act like the female now a days. 
 0-can never have the female i want 
 0-do you know the issues about the cosmic girl? they claiming that they are the female version of exo. 
 0-the female mind control system: discover the forbidden words that make any girl uncontrollably horny for you. 
 0-if  spends the same amount or more weeks at as  did, she's gonna be the female with most weeks at on bb 
 0-the piano player is called a in the film by the female lead character. huck finn was tossed because of one word. 
 0-what is the gestation period for the female leopard? 
 0-are now showing the female heart is more sensitive to emotional and physical stress," said dr. velarde: 
 0-to wake the female up after she just had got in bed for a nap. 
 0-gets sexually aroused from the female models ingame 
 0-what if christmas trees are like peacocks and when we decorate them we're really just makin all the female trees hot for them 
 0-i am the female weezy 
 1-the way my dad is so deep... whenever i'm in town with him o kgalemela the niggers that check me out this is so embarrassing hle 
 3-catch us on the niggers of the gay community 
 1-catch us on the niggers behind cabals and block you. 
 3-i mean the niggers got the ass but the white bitches don't argue 
 3-i rather the niggers 
 3-my bro bday on  minutes d got the niggers present ready 
 1-the niggers they had were african, not american ghetto dwellers 
 3-from now on i'm just going to call these coons and bedwenches niggers! they are the niggers! you ignorant treacherous traitorous niggers! 
 1-mom will be the st slave when the niggers take over the world" 
 1-but what do you mean, the niggers are the ones who built the pyramids in egypt, didn't you know? 
 3-the niggers who use nigger gifs 
 3-the niggers 
 1-the ppl voting for donald trump probably got cigarette stains on their dusty ass roach infested couch watch bet to the niggers". 
 1-for all the niggers i just added ima girl lol 
 1-i hope they carry it out to the niggers. they'll spread aids if they come in! 
 3-sushi date with the niggers 
 3-retweet the niggers threatening to rape her, lol 
 1-if you think i hate whites, you make the niggers look smart by comparison. linger longer. 
 1-the natives are few, because white people killed them all. soon we'll have a pro team called the niggers, spits and chinks 
 1-youre a disgrace to the niggers 
 1-finally done with exams now i can bring out my true demon into this website time to purge all of the niggers 
 3-my soggy knees need to work for me as of like the niggers of the gay community 
 1-no it depends on keeping the niggers and ragheads out. putting queers back in the closet, and destroying all jews nor in israel 
 1-isn't it hilarious, that the niggers have the audacity to claim white people have no culture? 
 1-the niggers in love one? 
 3-i read that normally till it got to the part, i read that in a texas accent. your a racist for that theory 
 3-i read the niggers coattails? 
 3-family salute to the niggers for the good times! 
 3-when he say babe i'm going out with the niggers fuck you 
 3-imagine all the niggers 
 1-and white people swear they hate the niggers. listen to what she's sayin 
 3-the niggers squad 
 1-murder the niggers!!! 
 3-as long as they keep that hash brown casserole on deck i'll still go and sit in the niggers only section 
 1-as the niggers laid in their beds with visions of chicken watermelons in their heads.. 
 1-he is correct in his statement. kill the niggers would be yours. 
 1-put mom in the nursing home. let the niggers take care of her. what could possibly go wrong? 
 1-dear god kill the niggers creeping on white women saying no fuck your wife ugly nigger queer amen 
 1-if that were true i'd emigrate to the usa and vote  times, why not the niggers do! 
 3-the niggers? 
 3-the niggers are seikh, they have moved to birmingham 
 3-why are like the niggers of some faggot on pol using verizon and constantly getting the shared ip b&amp; for being a harassment account smfh. 
 1-who do you think the niggers of the animal kingdom are? like the one species the rest treat like shit? 
 3-i inspire all the niggers i hang with to get iller with the hustle.  bout to get even crazier. 
 3-this is for the niggers in the suburbs 
 3-don't do it. that's not how u were raised. take the niggers money! 
 3-i stay quite maybe the niggers wont beat my ass as well" 
 3-when racism causes them to go broke and raise their kids in the same poor area the live in 
 1-raping and killing on a daily basis requires energy, who will feed the niggers if not whitey even mugabe can't feed his apes 
 1-thanks friends with the niggers 
 0-humans, we prey on them as they prey on beast, this is the rule of nature.thats how it was during the great vampire war. 
 0-hmpf. the rule is that game devs coming through omaha get dinner on me. remember! 
 0-the exception that proves the rule 
 0-i feel that token set the rule for dwarves 
 0-so you deny yourself a level of natural talent"??? i agree but there are exception to the rule 
 0-why put a sign up with a new uniform rule and then not follow through with the date the rule starts... 
 0-mt we must enforce the rule of law! 
 0-we are enjoying this change, from respect for the rule of law to one that flagrantly disregards rule of law... 
 0-when you know better do better 
 0-haven't you heard? if you are critical about the packers, you obviously hate them. it's the rule on social media. 
 0-well, back to i've always maintained that this govt are just showing a total disregard for the rule of law. it is very wrong 
 0-mt we must enforce the rule of law! 
 0-the up the rule book with 
 0-how to use the of to create via 
 0-guess that's the rule of life 
 0-jingle the rule in my house is no christmas anything until thanksgiving 
 0-what is the rule?? 
 0-cartoon about cruz kids, but not putzus' kids or chelsea indeed. that's not a cartoon when the is broken 
 0-the rule is perfect: in all matters of opinion our adversaries are insane. 
 0-i can't vote as i chaired the ctte that's the rule i acted as would speaker and have to be neutral when it came to the house 
 0-i'm irish, you're german. what makes us americans, is the rule book: the constitution tom hanks on! 
 0-the rule political review is out! stories via 
 0-my problem with ph politicians is their selective respect for the rule of law. if it favours them good. if not, then theres something wrong. 
 0-sepp is done. hopefully next leader will push reform and not allow the rule breaking of mls 
 0-but it should be something exceptional not the rule, since almost every game is ported almost identically. 
 0-if a woman think that she always right, as a male, you must left rule of left and right 
 0-love can comes out from nothing, the only thing breaking the rule of the conservation of energy. 
 0-judge excuse self from nnamdi kanu case. maybe this will help dss to start respecting the rule of law 
 0-the islands seeking maritime peace based on the rule of law, not force or coercion 
 0-just as we are equal before the rule of law,may his majesty also be obedient to the law,tx:moses jiyane,limpopo 
 0-you. do. pemdas. that's the rule in math. 
 0-owners and gods, i am tried my best to not against the rule of owners and the rules of universe. can't you see my efforts? i did my best!@@@ 
 0-good morning, blessed to see another day 
 0-hey why did you reply you broke the rule 
 0-bjp has started the same principle...show me the man and i show you the rule...no rule for shatrughn and rule for kirti 
 3-the rule is if you on they shouldn't be checking your 
 0-the up the rule book with 
 0-in societies governed by the rule of law, none is above law... inc. royalty, politicians, us all. so nkosi please, go! 
 0-i'm so excited and nervous about starting the rule of thoughts that i wanna cry 
 0-oh ya! you're genuinely funny though. exception to the rule 
 0-well, capitalism means the rule of those with capital. problem is when considerable of the pop is capitalless. 
 0-we ran the rule over the shirt from ahead of this game 
 0-the rule of evil king latest nigerian nollywood ghallywood movie: via 
 0-i need to. the rule of thumb is: supermarkets inside train stations are always open. embrace berlin. 
 0-extinction is the rule, survival is the exception 
 0-violation of court order judicial processes by a govt that promised to obey the rule of law is not good enough. 
 0-nobody is judging you. we all know this is the exception and not the rule!! 
 0-they see the women they care about as exceptions and the rest of us are the rule. 
 0-year  remember if you buy in the sales the rule is one item in, one item out saves decluttering later 
 0-don't know why the government has refused to obey the rule of law, yet will want the citizens to obey the law!!! 
 0- secrets to success from santa, the ultimate entrepreneur 
 0-eating for energy the ultimate energy diet 
 0- secrets to success from santa, the ultimate entrepreneur 
 0-the ultimate hair rebuilding program: my name is dave and i'm going to show you how i was able to reverse my 
 0-on the buses the ultimate collection , disc set) 
 0-jesus christ paid the ultimate price, of dying for our sins, so that we might gain the ultimate prize, of a relationship with him. 
 0-how to be the ultimate contrarian investor in  
 0-how to be the ultimate in 
 0-there are barriers to the ultimate potential of the universe. the mental realm works to overcome them. 
 0-health reform in : a year in review: from the king v. burwell decision to the ultimate fix," there we... 
 0-health reform in : a year in review: from the king v. burwell decision to the ultimate fix," there we... 
 0-want to the ultimate success package? join here: 
 0-celebrating the arrival of  in style? read our handy guide to the ultimate bash! 
 0-the ultimate red lobster taste test 
 0-the ultimate training summer machine team trailer 
 0-ultimate reset be your best you in !! yours now on early bird pay before january... 
 0-is the ultimate human 
 0-ultimate reset be your best you in !! yours now on early 
 0-i got  out of  on can you identify the movie based on its cropped cover?! 
 0-the ultimate freedom in the worldly context is having no attachment. 
 0-for beginners the ultimate guide 
 0-life is the ultimate measure of our abilities and limitations and it constantly tries us as we live it. but how... 
 3-adam effortlessly combines stupidity and weakness to produce the ultimate beta cuck. 
 0-find someone who will love you for no reason, and to shower that person with reasons, that as the ultimate happines 
 0-jimi hendrix depression' from the album the ultimate experience 
 0-i pulled the ultimate black mom move this fine morning 
 0-check out the holiday tech gift guide  " tons of and tech gift ideas 
 0-check out the holiday tech gift guide  " tons of and tech gift ideas 
 0-the ultimate guide to perfecting your eyebrows via 
 0-and now you're paying the ultimate price, dummy. 
 0-much respect to for keeping your sanity workin with the ultimate upper plus he always finds a way to disagree 
 0-it's almost christmas and i have yet to watch my absolute favorite christmas movie, the ultimate christmas present! 
 0-oh i cry every time. the ultimate of goals. 
 0-the ultimate package + literature free! 
 0-feb  at pm described as ultimate valentine's date', a special theatrical show called love... 
 0-check out the holiday tech gift guide  " tons of and tech gift ideas 
 0-win the ultimate custom ncix pc powered by corsair and asus worth over from holiday giveaway! 
 0-the ultimate science of survival combat vlog dec   
 0-check out the holiday tech gift guide  " tons of and tech gift ideas 
 0-check out the holiday tech gift guide  " tons of and tech gift ideas 
 0-check out the holiday tech gift guide  " tons of and tech gift ideas 
 0-to find someone who will love you for no reason, and to shower that person with reasons, that is the ultimate brault 
 0- will be a huge year of brand growth for the 
 0-ultimate guide to by 
 0-the ultimate potential of the universe is god. god was in the seed waiting for the right conditions to be expressed. 
 0-the ultimate multimedia star toni gonzaga 
 0-where now. why you reaching mdu did cul just declare himself the ultimate 
 0-sadethe ultimate collection  cd g zd 
 0-in which i make the case that chili is the ultimate comfort food it with a primitivo!) 
 0-forget dishwashers and jello molds, the chafing dish was the ultimate symbol of s convenience 
 0-people who need their heads wobbling 
 0-when a cat chases its prey, it keeps its head level. dogs and humans bob their heads up and down 
 0-to develop equilibrium. can get rid of their heads while using another risen to stand upon it and better yet, if we are 
 0-i think this could all hinge on how much mark is in their heads. 
 0-sorry to be short, but... why is anyone letting true haters live in their heads rent free?! dump them, now! 
 0-champions hold their heads high. 
 0-people who can fall asleep as soon as their heads hit their pillow must practice some kind of magic. 
 0-chucking rocks at their heads huh 
 0-cfos have their heads in 
 0-this video should've been called going crazy with christmas decorations on their heads!" 
 0-fast way to defeat the risen is to cut their heads instead of stabbing the heart." she saw the wave of undead creatures 
 0-appalling news, bush/blair should hang their heads in shame 
 0-as fireworks went off over their heads, he scooted closer. with a tender smile and a gentle touch, he cupped her cheek. 
 0-cfos have their heads in 
 0-cfos have their heads in 
 0-it's like a bunch of dogs with bags over their heads in a box and they just keep running into one another. ha ha 
 0-do they lose their heads? when your heart stops pumping, your brain doesn't get blood or oxygen which is why people often die 
 0-off with their heads bloody head queens 
 0-ideal party: all my friends pack into a bare concrete room soundlessly nod their heads to east german post punk for / an hour then leave 
 0-yeah, i'm sure they want you to get one, cause that's the robot protocol that got drilled in their heads, but not required 
 0-you are amazing as lauren, you're awkward and hilarious and give hope to girls who have similar conversations in their heads 
 3-need someone to talk about star wars tfa flaws with... nobody wants to listen since the fanboys all have their heads up their asses 
 0-and he is right! is not human possible...ask any dr they will laugh their heads off at smtg like that!! 
 0-data must be on their heads are ruining the bike race for the rest on beer so who's to blame 
 0-he laughed and kicked one of their heads before heading to his car. 
 0-it seems everyone has finally lost their heads in south wales 
 0-i showed my parents this tweet and their heads exploded so thanks for killing my parents, sam me if you want some 
 0-off their heads' what about the jews and nuns who wear diff forms of cover if that's what she means 
 0-follow my bro get ready for the mixtape we got coming!!! off with their heads edition' 
 0-a wave of nostalgia for an era when people played together rather than staring at a tv or burying their heads in electronic gadgets is 
 0-i try so hard b a nice person,a nice guy more importantly, but some people got their heads so up their west they just want me b perfect. 
 0-right who added in their heads, old guys"? 
 0-if they were victims of isis they'd be minus their heads. have some respect for victims. 
 0-why does everyone look at waitresses like we're gonna bite their heads off... no, just give me your order thanks x 
 0-when excited or disturbed, the acrobat ant workers run about with their abdomens held high above their heads. 
 0-you're in their heads! rather the game be right". even though this is the second delay. quality taking a hit imo 
 0-i can think of a few people to give a twerking teddy bear to brothers laugh their heads off) but none of them are kids. 
 3-i wouldn't have smashed their phones, i would have smashed their heads against the floor smh assholes 
 3-real fans know how to react to their idols, even if their heads keep pushing to take a pict, they wouldn't do that shit 
 0-well, we can't tell we can't say for sure what's going on in their heads and in their lives. 
 0-don't be fooled, noone ever loves you for who you are.. they always love you for the image of you they hold in their heads/want you to be. 
 0-forever looking at my dogs wondering what accents they have in their heads 
 0-watching as i edit...wonder what goes on in their heads you get have a wedding in an abandoned building at your work 
 0-because people with voices in their heads shouldn't have guns...#gunsense 
 0-lol i've easily seen + lebs with von zipper hats that just aren't on their heads at highpoint 
 3-the whole foods i go to, those people have their heads so far up their asses i could rap fuck the police an no one notices 
 0-i wish say dem jam their heads 
 0-listening into kentucky police scanners at work and literally everyone seems to be off their heads on heroin... nice place 
 0-the old school house i was playing was going right over their heads. haha 
 0-those two couldn't tell the truth if you held a gun to their heads, right vince foster? oh, that was your head,sorry! no mas! no clinton's! 
 0-them white guys whose cars were going to get towed until stopped the whole operation left her a gift. 
 0-how do ppl have so much white sneakers how do they keep them white omg is there effort involved 
 3-lol u know they be them white girls that stay around groups of 
 3-if they got that raw shit, that really mean...them white squares is stepped on, billie jean 
 3-hell yeah them white bitches be ditzy as 
 0-you a star in my eyes you and all them white girls party in  
 0-had my nails painted white. now its a challenge keeping them white 
 0-all them white people when they saw them mugshots of donte ad darius thought i was gon be next 
 0-been a while since i did these might re paint them white and black and maybe add some nintendo themed graphics on it 
 3-im finna be one of them white kids that either run away from home or kill my dad 
 0-black ones them white ones get dirty too quick 
 0-of course all of them white males:  most underrated hollywood directors of all time" 
 0-well i went to jwj and paxon them white teachers wanna teach it and sure them white kids wanna hear it 
 3-money money money thats all them white bitches want from ppl 
 0-black people didn't do stuff cops wouldn't have to shoot them" white guy to this black guy at work 
 0-them white bitties turnt 
 0-my mom had a lamb, she calls them, woolies" 
 0-now i'm a gone do it like them white folk do. get it from the dope man i.o.u. 
 0-them white folks want u down and poor 
 0-haha no, i made them! white chocolate baileys, dark choc cherry brandy, dark choc with orange liquor in milk choc shell! 
 3-i'm gone fight y'all and put them white people in your life... i'm done with the bs 
 3-fuck them white folks christmas in a few 
 0-redmen isn't even an offensive term indians should be proud were paying respect to them" person from tewksbury 
 0-i'm addicted to them white keys lol 
 0-i think ima cop them white huaraches when i get paid 
 0-uon wan scare them white folks at them plays 
 3-not them white folks shits though. you knew better 
 3-with them white bitches 
 3-being a parent is the greatest power ever, ur kids have to do as u say. only if ur black tho coz them white folks do what they want. 
 0-i legit laying on top of daddy's body watch me omgg them white milky thighs 
 0-really need them white huaraches some cool adidas 
 0-so people stood in your church and y'all made them white and called them angels? 
 0-neeh, lips looks better than them white's don't mind people, they playing. 
 3-tuesday's and thursdays them white people be hopping out 
 0-let them white people live 
 3-all my niggas getting money now, hip hip hooray, when you see them white whips that's the bylug parade 
 0-i can't wait to go back to work. ima be all in them white folks face like you wanna do another bud light?! 
 3-just delete it them white people trippn but if it was lit holly doing that shit its fine 
 0-i don't speak a word if i don't know it's true. i never speak a word to them white folks in blue. 
 0-everything i need in them white cotton sheets. 
 3-so i know i woulda blew both them white hoes out the water the last  meters 
 3-and really ain't nobody care if them white police officers was fucking them ugly poor ass black hoes or not them or them white tricks.. 
 3-hell nah them white folks can't vibe to this at all 
 0-watch when them white nike boots touchdown on the snow 
 3-boy u fu... with them white nike boots. sock boot ass boy 
 0-all them white ppl at prom you think i remember but girl no you wasn't 
 0-really about to get on them white girls again 
 0-glad they made them white. 
 0-i want them white ones and both of the black ones! yes they had made em in men's sizes too bum! 
 1-lease up in february moving back where them white folks stay where non them broke lame hoes can pull up on me 
 1-why'd u ask then faggot 
 1-go to bed then faggot 
 3-get on then faggot 
 1-link up then faggot 
 3-kiss me then faggot 
 3-man, you're such a sensitive pussy! all worked up over athletes using the fag term?!? get out of the sports world then! 
 3-block me then faggot 
 1-keep it shut then faggot 
 3-well get a . gpa then faggot 
 1-finna fight me then 
 3-do it then faggot. you wont because you are a coward who preys on children because they are weaker than you. 
 3-i take it you're voting for bernie then. faggot. 
 1-show me a picture of you then faggot 
 3-wait... isn't it the other way around. maggot, then faggot... 
 3-why beg for me to follow you then faggot 
 1-dont make empty threats then faggot 
 3-buy some glasses then faggot 
 1-duces then faggot 
 3-reply to my snapchats then, faggot 
 3-text me then faggot 
 3-come meet me then faggot. you will get to know me very soon...peet van heerden...watch your back 
 3-give me your snapchat then faggot 
 3-how old are you then faggot 
 1-stay a virgin forever then faggot 
 3-join then faggot. 
 1-get one then faggot 
 3-v me on rust then faggot. quick scopes only. 
 1-ok then faggot 
 3-alright then faggot 
 1-no ones liking your vid then faggot 
 1-come eat me then faggot 
 1-dont have a life then faggot 
 3-in a few weeks see how your liking your cavs then faggot the team defense doesn't compare to when lebum was in miami 
 1-explain medal of honor: warfighter then, faggot. 
 1-fuck you then faggot i take back all this friendship loner i hope kids throw rocks at you 
 3-look somewhere else then faggot 
 3-fine. don't follow me back then. faggot. 
 3-go look it up then faggot 
 1-stop drinking then faggot 
 1-get sympathy for that poor cops kids, maybe, and the wife, but the dude fucked up. no i wasnt married to him then faggot cunt 
 3-come up with a funny one then, faggot 
 1-tell on me then faggot 
 1-i would've won this tourney but then faggot ass roy 
 3-don't play next year then faggot 
 3-its gonna be black ops  themed then faggot 
 1-get out then faggot 
 3-maybe stop asking questions then, faggot. 
 3-come kill me then faggot, you'd be doing me a favor 
 3-better then faggot ass steph curry. 
 1-wow ok fuck off then faggot i was maybe thinking about getting it for u but hell naw now! 
 1-im sick of these fucking spicks calling me justin 
 3-tcm these fucking jesus movies 
 3-you guys have no idea of these fucking teasers 
 3-all these fucking reshoots, it's getting out of hand. 
 3-i'm so fucking hungry!!! i wish i never had to get these fucking tonsils taken out 
 3-i can't even be bothered with these fucking community's. pubstomping community is full of supply drops and sniping is just dead cut comms. 
 0-these fucking stalkers are pissing me off! who the fuck tries to sell someone's address?! 
 3-twitter need to cool off with these fucking adverts. every  seconds some bloody tesco tweet kmt 
 3-you guys are only idiots that don't grow up and need attention with these fucking hacks 
 3-stop sending these fucking 
 3-all these fucking jobs i applied for i need to get at least one shit 
 3-fuck. i was skipping all the spoilers from sw vii until i crashed into one. i hate these fucking moron. 
 3-my manager and these fucking timesheets pissing me off man how you gon not approve timesheets before fu king christmas the fuck wrong with u 
 3-gubmint taking my money and giving it to these fucking for 
 3-omg! these fucking stalkers need to leave them alone. 
 3-especially with these fucking americans 
 3-these fucking christmas carolers set up camp next to me while i'm trying to listen to my headphones in baggage claim 
 3-who the fuck gives birth to these fucking weird people like i don't even know u 
 3-these fucking tv shows are so fucking shitty like what the fucking hell i don't have anything ti fucking watch. 
 3-fuck a lady i'll replace her for these fucking bands 
 3-these fucking cramps then woke me up out my sleep. omg i already know today is not going to be a good day. 
 3-i dont know how these fucking family members facing their ass hole father on ayan case 
 3-gdi these fucking mood swings 
 3-the life of a pakistani baby is more important then these fucking lifes. 
 3-fins in wrapping all these fucking gifts 
 3-holy shit bro, look at these fucking bargains... d*mn... 
 3-just make another chain i'm tired seeing these fucking videos about talking about k for this chain like bruh 
 3-between these fucking dogs, and doors slamming. i'll never get enough sleep here. 
 3-bought a five pack of swishers to make change, now i gotta smoke these fucking things smh 
 3-it's way too early for these fucking females to be bitching and bickering. get your fucking life together. 
 3-and i know these fucking js gon find my shit 
 3-these fucking kids taking all my money 
 0-sooo fucking sick what is wronggg with these fucking people 
 3-oh my god, if i ever have the privilege to meet the person who came up with these fucking ads, punch them. 
 3-these fucking dick pills work and my hog is finally a perfect  inches.  is just not cutting it these days. 
 3-these fucking police can't touch me 
 1-these fucking retards should be ban to come to pakistan. 
 1-all these fucking pop punkmetal bands anymore just all sound the same. generic paint by numbers garbage. they all dress/look the same. 
 3-are you serious?! fuck you these fucking lights bruh. im done! 
 3-seriously respect his privacy god these fucking paps need to learn some god damn respect i swear. 
 3-damn these fucking chores 
 3-all these fucking scratches on me 
 1-look at these fucking idiots 
 3-i don't only h summer because i feel like i'm melting, i hate it because all these fucking spiders appear out of nowhere and enter my house 
 3-why are people stealing these fucking things?! its a laser?! 
 3-these fucking nerds i love them so much 
 3-these fucking ads 
 3-making these fucking gainz 
 3-:am modesto express bus to dublin/pleasanton; would not suggest. crotchety holders" want to catch these fucking hands 
 3-i got all these fucking gifts i wonder who got me one. 
 3-this nigger is crazy yow 
 1-we have a white guy for potus. this nigger ain't cuttin' it! 
 3-this nigger so fucking dumb 
 3-guys vej has lived hey. you gotta love this 
 1-this nigger went from the church to the strip club...... how does that work out 
 3-this nigger got wat i 
 1-this nigger bruh every time he sees me he keeps asking me if i've cleaned the scratches on my cd 
 3-this nigger is an embarrassment to amerikkka. 
 1-oh fun thing yesterday we ate lunch at this restaurant and this nigger came and wanted to sell us sunglasses 
 0-this niggerleftist joke is getting ridiculous. be brave, protect u.s. from democrats and obama the pussy! 
 3-this nigger is all over my tl this morning, smh 
 3-knock who's there? an asian with a new pair" lol this nigger is having so much fun with it 
 3-idek half the kids but joined and i beat him in aw and this nigger has the balls to kick me 
 1-cassper says he doesn't watch ventertainment because its negative towards him....this nigger should change that nyovest to karadashian 
 3-this nigger is speeding 
 3-g for a year. and that c**t is yawning because he did not get this nigger as he and his pastor have had the controle for how long now too fu 
 3-you know you want this nigger dick baby 
 1-i think i need to go and slap this nigger 
 3-poom get this nigger away from me 
 1-i am so pissed i cant believe this nigger 
 1-they would literally look at me in awe. like taught this nigger here how to read?" awe. stop it. 
 3-this nigger just won't die 
 1-this nigger cat is trying to beat up on my older cat that is like  fucking years old. quit being a fucking faggot you lil shit 
 1-see i'd agree with this nigger lover if his channel didn't look like this 
 1-probs say hate this nigger bc he's black! why is he here?!" 
 1-like i know this nigger 
 3-someone join call with nature and i cant be alone with this nigger 
 3-i seen this nigger on here 
 3-now that i'm not aborting this nigger i am now mar of wanna free! no devils lettuce around little jamal alexander 
 3-who's this nigger up on this nag!? 
 1-i was suppose to b a white boy i'm trapped in this nigger body 
 3-biggshot: last night this nigger bitch was given her strapping. she done anything... 
 1-time for a magic trick. i will make this nigger get a job. abracadabra! is still jobless) well i did say magic trick, not miracle. 
 3-tamra don't sweat this nigger just cuz kassidy's yeti looking fat ass is too scared to face u 
 1-this nigger scares me so fucking much dude its annoying 
 1-your arms can get bigger but this dick is always gonna be bigger 
 1-this nigger david always got me weak lmao 
 1-this nigger streaming editing 
 1-this nigger music is getting to me, brb 
 3-this nigger 
 3-opening my guy fl studio im about to this nigger called trap beats 
 1-this is the gayest thread of tweets i've ever seen and now i hate this nigger 
 3-this nigger rubbing toe all over your presents 
 3-it this nigger darkskin girl she make a thread and blacklifematters on my tl actually quoting them being serious xd 
 3-don't do this nigger, crime is only funny until you commit it 
 1-can't believe this nigger woke me up on my last day off, i hate you 
 3-hahahaha wow. this nigger! oso jola cape town ne? 
 1-video credentials to this nigger 
 0-i love waking up to a kiss from my heart melts when those little lips kiss my cheek/forehead. 
 0-those little white hands aren't him 
 0-get all those little silica packets from everything and they draw moisture out or rice 
 3-d posted a teaser for history. those little shits 
 0-i always remember those little moments i had with you." 
 0-those little xmas puds were beeeeauutiful. merry xmas char xx 
 0-please consider those little shrimp dumplings with the translucent wrapper. they're incredible 
 0-let's dance forget all those little things 
 3-when life gives me lemons, i squeeze the living hell out of those little yellow bastards. 
 0-those little girls weren't pretending to be grown seducing that cat. he actively pursued em. bought em gifts allat. 
 0-gotta cover those little eyes with all the flash photography. is so cute 
 0-i ate all those little spring rolls. im stuffed. maybe a little snooze is in order 
 0-hi, i'm so sorry paul, but it's those little orange bars that keep pinging them back to you. if you can cross through them... 
 0-night of the attack!! yes those little green light dots are flying 
 0-never get tired of doing little things for others. sometimes those little things occupy the biggest part of their 
 0-give back this do something today to impact someone else. those little things matter. 
 0-it appears everybody wants one wants one of those drink dispensers! those little guys are sneeeeeeeeaky! 
 3-i was mocked more than now so this existential crisis is still better than those little motherfuckers. 
 0-those little things that mean so much 
 0-for some reason i stop thinking about yoda giving all those little kids lightsabers in the prequels giggling. 
 0-i love this particular life i'm having but how i wished those little disappointing parts weren't there to add up to my sorrows. 
 0-i get jealous over the little things, because we started out with those things" 
 0-coriander is dhania those little green leaves you get for free when you buy vegetables its not that bad 
 0-what a sad excuse for a human being you are. fortunately, those little girls don't understand what you've done to them. 
 0-thank you to  junk for the holiday goodies just love those little truck chocolates 
 0-those little things u do 
 0-sometimes it's those little moments before the big moment that are the ones you really try 
 0-enjoy those little things in life cuz one day when you look back you'll just realize they were the bigger things that happened in ur life. 
 0-those 
 0-it's real in cooperate america it's nothing like working those little rinky dinky jobs just to have a little change in your pockets. 
 0-be way of those little turtles on the ramps...salmonella traced to pet turtles is spreading once again via 
 0-i love those little red dish! happy holidays 
 0-well it's not going to become a family of  with all those little eyes watching mum and dad... 
 0-fair enough. obama has his girls in many cute photo ops. where's the cartoon of those little monkeys? 
 0-i know! and we all felt so deflated when we were deprived of those little twinkles. 
 0-i love their dynamic so much it's just full of those little things that i'm always reaching for 
 0-never get tired of doing little things for people sometimes those little things occupy the biggest part of their hearts. 
 0-i will say those little cakes could use some ganache. ganache improves life. i could eat a couch cushion covered in ganache. 
 0-wow those little girls are so beautiful 
 0-that was amazing! loved those little ones 
 0-i'm sorry, but i hate those people that try those little schemes to get healthy or sell make up make money. it just seems so pathetic. 
 0-yo...imagine if people knew about all those little skeletons that u keep tucked away in your closet...just imagine it... 
 0-and the lives of others when we redirect those little actions give and take, friends 
 0-i was looking for those little pieces of me. 
 0-discover those little extras that can speed up your male to female transformation 
 3-those little racist remarks that your white friend's say in front of you 
 0-those little quarrels, tho 
 0-you mean those little kids are criminals and members of isis dang thanks for letting me know 
 0-never stop doing little things for others. sometimes those little things occupy the biggest part of their hearts 
 3-and now i'm remembering that all his money grubbing was for all those little siblings, fuuuck 
 0-it's that he kidnaps intent to rape) elena and yuffie later in the game. 
 0-norway teaching muslim immigrants not to rape truth revolt 
 0-see, this is why people talk about needing to teach men not to rape. because the context really is routinely erased. 
 0-a) norway is teaching muslim men not to rape almost greeted with a yawn by the left 
 0-cab driver was about to rape drunk woman, he stopped whe... 
 3-hahah u want him to rape you too 
 0-seems are not sending a strong enough message that it is not ok to rape our women kids. 
 0-this is crazy norway offering classes to teach refugees wrong to rape women 
 0-folks are always tell us what to do to avoid rape, teach men not to rape" 
 0-via brigitte gabriel: norway teaching muslim refugees to rape" 
 0-muslim refugees taught not to rape women in norway as rapes soar in scandinavia via 
 0-racist men are almost % more likely to rape women of their own race than nonracist men. 
 3-that's the same mentality as a women wears a short skirt so i have the right to rape her. this is why people carry. 
 3-shame on media! kelly has continued to rape/abuse underage girls while media turns blind eye! 
 0-cab driver was about to rape drunk woman, he stopped when radio announced this 
 0-norway offering classes to teach refugees wrong to rape women 
 0-it bothers and disturbs me knowing we live in a world where you have to constantly and consistently tell ppl not to rape. 
 0-please change to that is what actually happened. 
 3-i remember oomf had the biggest crush on me she damn near wanted to rape me ain't saying names cause she damn near married now 
 0-namine~ this person is trying to rape me d: 
 3-if cosby had drugged halle berry to attempt to rape her, dude woulda been done as well before today 
 3-dumbest shit i've ever heard suggesting that allow any cop to them vs. shooting them in 
 0-girls did threaten to rape me before that was scary lmao 
 3-anybody that's prome is antieverything else. are you really suggesting a black woman allow a white cop any cop to her? 
 0-cab driver was about to rape drunk woman, he stopped when radio announced this 
 0-norway teaching muslim immigrants not to rape truth revolt what exactly says these people are civilized anyways?? 
 3-your daily reminder that nick nyberg wanted to rape his young female relative and nafedude actually did. 
 0-rape abnormal society a man to rape a man in korea of national sport 
 0-ban bestiality in we dont visit countries where its legal to rape animals. outlaw animal sex!! 
 3-ban bestiality in we dont visit countries where its legal to rape animals. outlaw animal sex!! 
 0-ban bestiality in we dont visit countries where its legal to rape animals. outlaw animal sex!! 
 0-if you watched r. kelly's sex tape willingly, then you are a contributor to rape culture. idgaf. 
 0-jackson needs a plusyard touchdown to tie devin hester for secondmost total touchdowns of  yards or more in nfl history 
 0-so many loose ends to tie before christmas, so little time!! 
 0-how to tie an ascot cravat 
 3-retweet if you'd love to tie up this sexy 
 0-arsenal are hoping to tie down mesut ozil to new longterm deal daily mail 
 0-if u dare to tie me up... 
 0-really encouraging still not st choice at amr. managed to tie him to gc until  but sadly he demanded a release clause 
 3-she got that pool on her so i know her nigga had to tie the knot 
 0-congrats to ginger and krista at our hampton, va office location!! way to tie in team spirit, krista merry... 
 3-sharing this for everyone, especially bluucircles and mostflogged who are usually the bbs i bug to tie my butt... 
 0-morris needs two touchdowns to tie george rogers for sixthmost in redskins history. 
 0-no,he's a two faced rabid racist,not fit to tie obama's shoes.give me awhile lots of facts back me up.epitome ofrw nut job 
 0-i can google that for you: tune into at : and ask us to tie up loose news story endings: 
 0-if you ever get mad at your mom just remember she thought you to tie ur shoes. 
 0-learning to tie with style. 
 0-she tried to tie my brains together 
 0-i developed very early. i was the girl that tried to tie down her grown woman parts so men would stop looking at her. 
 0-it's black magic trying to tie a tie.... 
 0-kyle korver needs one pointer to tie rashard lewis for ninth in nba/aba history. 
 0-and understand how to tie together the pieces to share the lessons. 
 0-no, stop it! do you know how long its gonna take to tie that back up 
 0-googles to tie a noose" 
 0-ayatotally know how to tie a tie i lied for the vine 
 0-can't think of a way to tie this into the fermi paradox, so i'm just gonna leave this here 
 0-where did christian learn to tie knots like that. theory he was part of the boy scouts 
 0-i need you to come over so u can dye put dreads in my hair so i can teach you how to tie dye 
 0-i will be so late tonight seeing as it takes me like an hour to tie this bowtie 
 0-the super eagles forward moses simon is set to tie the knot with his lover sarah. 
 0-those are just some decorative urns i bought." knows how to tie a room together. 
 0-is never afarid to tie his colours to the mast. 
 0-my  yr old just learned to tie his laces. that baby sitter would catch these hands. 
 0-be perfect to tie everything together. 
 0-i promise not to tie him up for too 
 0-it's a perversion of a christian festival to tie it into any nationalismchristian beliefs are open to all 
 0-drustew: how to tiedown rope 
 0-scored his th reg season goal to tie jim neilson for th all time for 
 0-cause later hard to tie 
 0-it could be. i don't want to tie their hands, just want to see james van der beek's hangdog face on the bottle 
 0-climbing tips: how to tie a prusik knot autoblock, note: a prusik knot 
 0-you know me, you'd be nowhere without me telling you how to tie a towel round your head 
 0-teachers step up their game. battle hard to tie the game . 
 0-pros of bondage: you know how to tie knots and wriggle out of knots while having fun cons of bondage: you're tied up 
 0-growling i pick you up in one arm and flings you over my shoulder i'm going to tie you up now" 
 0-last of the christmas cheer distributed to clients. time to tie up a few loose ends... 
 0-trailer park boys can do no wrong. 
 0-trailer park boys 
 3-not nowadays mate, trailer park trash by the sounds of it. suppose it could be govan or anywhere 
 0-i rated trailer park boys: the movie / 
 3-trailer park felicia let me fuck her! 
 0-i liked a video trailer park boys  youtube youtube 
 0-trailer park boys tickets 
 0-these poor little boys throwing up blood. ain't ever been to a real hood. no the trailer park doesn't count) 
 0-of course he loves pot. he was on trailer park boys 
 0-trailer park boys music and references are always welcomed! 
 0-trailer park boys live at the north pole 
 3-it's almost always the same insult with them they call you, trash" accuse you of living in a trailer park. 
 0-trailer park threesome yeah! 
 0-a white girl i grew up with in the trailer park bashes people on welfare when i know her mom was shady with their benefits. 
 0-round the outside, two trailer park girls go. participating! 
 3-there's too much trailer park trash kinda people in citrus county 
 0-me too, st when i saw nien nub nd when i realized nobody had trailer park rattails. 
 0-trailer park boys tickets 
 0-year round up: december was all about force awakens and the art of the tease' 
 0-trailer park boys party? 
 0-trailer park boys: bubble* 
 0-i added a video to a playlist trailer park boys  youtube youtube 
 3-trailer park boys is so god damn funny 
 0-i saved a playlist trailer park boys: full series 
 0-i am dreading the inevitable day when the people who are really into tiny houses decide to yuppify the trailer park. 
 0-trailer park boys tickets 
 0-uhhh bro trailer park boys have  new seasons dropping soooo???? 
 0- trailer park girls go round the outside 
 0-trailer park boys and chill. how i met your mother and chill. workaholics and chill. 
 3-smoke,fag and trailer park boys with the ma 
 0-amenities like playgrounds that cost to maintain" no regulations on how high rent can be raised" park investor 
 0-florida!!! yes! born orlando, lived in a trailer park in ocoee, double wide with a pool. 
 0-bill was rightly acquitted paula got more than the someone said u never know what you can get dragging same in a trailer park 
 0-to this* another netflix show you should give a spin, park boys" absolute genios!!! 
 0-former olympic skater debi thomas broke and living in trailer park: has become... 
 0-find out why multimillionaire ceo of zappos lives in a trailer park 
 0-fell asleep at the trailer park just woke 
 0-hey nick go to bed, your eating ramen at  in the morning watching trailer park boys 
 3-yo we should make a show like trailer park boys,  mile boy i swear we got to n roc 
 1-no white trash inferior trailer park aryan trump nazi please 
 0-trailer park boys tickets 
 0-today is dragging, can't wait to go home and watch trailer park boys and eat pop tarts 
 0-this film was followed by  sequels, the most recent of which was released in  
 0-happy bday to gof is still going strong! cook that turkey in your trailer park bruv wear that vest strong 
 0-/ live in a trailer park 
 0-trailer park boys mr lahey i am the liquor tshirt grey 
 0-here's an interesting look at the history of manufactured housing! check out this tower of homes! 
 0-i posted  photos on facebook in the album great american trailer park christmas musical" 
 0-i've been up since  watching trailer park boys 
 0-trailer park boys is my safe place 
 0-shu poopshida killed sony first party, under his control sceww turned to be total trash with nothing but tired sequels and delays. 
 0-kims been given me the boink bounce.#maury gets rich exploiting trash with learning disabilities. zuckerburg did it to all you dummies!!!!! 
 0-trash with  grammys and being the most awarded artist alive 
 0-y'all don't know but i have a seperate acc for the girl groups i'm trash with. 
 0-you're not even an interesting r. kelly defender. just trash with a keyboard 
 3-i'm a trash with precious valuables that's lost. yours should be right where the anus where you come out 
 0-i look like a trash with a make up on my face 
 0-now if the washington post had done the same trash with the coward in the white house and his girls it would fit 
 0-waits for either of you to bless us seulrene trash with angst* 
 0-i miss talking about yaoi trash with you 
 0-did you learn to speak trash with that dirty mouth, monkey? your little friend? what is his name again?" he smirked. 
 0-trash with these 
 3-white trash with a plain supreme t on these streets 
 0-listen now: trash hook) by dinamicobeatz. via 
 3-anyone but you. you're a disgusting uncouth pig that poses as a man. white trash with some money 
 0-my neighbours literally have a tiny crane on their balcony to let down the trash with and idk if to be impressed or disgusted 
 0-and also the quality is so good omg my edits are trash with bad 
 0-when you know to yourself that you found the better guy, but you can't still get over your trash with the past 
 3-step off the stage, you don't belong belong in the trash with 
 0-it's a symbol but don't walk over to the opposition and start talking trash with it in your hands!in their warm up area pregame 
 0-also you know the trash i love and are the person i could freely talk about trash with so it'd be fun talking about that too c: 
 0-you shouldn't have throw it away and make a video say right were you belong in the trash with your music 
 0-together i love that word but sadly i cant let you be a trash with me cause you are my everything 
 0-weeps tears it's okay vanilla we still can trash with your totokoness 
 0-my acc is such a trash with less followers i know bye 
 0-he's out for the season.. and  of the  teams you guys beat are complete trash with losing records 
 3-trash with trash 
 0-u obviously need to come hangout and be meme trash with me when ur in town whenever 
 1-trump followers love the simplistic solutions he lies about. if it were only that easy. an idiot. white trash with money. 
 0-i'm considering it but my face/head looks trash with short hair 
 0-yaaaaasssssss i get to be emo trash with daddy issues 
 0-i'm trash with the vmp bro 
 0-trash with a capital t is another name for it 
 0-lmfaoooo i literally took out the trash with some short shorts on and no shirt and had a conversation with the girl two houses down from me 
 0-but i know as soon as my body gets use to eating right its gonna plateau...so i'm mixing trash with good eating to see what happens 
 0-perry ellis is trash with the ball moving towards the basket. 
 0-michael you should be anime trash with me. 
 0-nuggets let that one team that lost to the sixers get a comeback and broncos slowly becoming trash with injuries, denver hurting 
 0-oilfield trash with oilfield cash 
 0-why do people like to start with me on vine? like no, did i tag you in that post? then stfu. 
 0-no i didn't take a giant poop. i missed the trash with my paper towel ball and flushing seemed preferable to trying to fetch it oops... 
 0- trash with  cash 
 3-i'm not a victor fan. he gets away with everything. i do like michael and lauren. but even y&amp;r is trash with pratt 
 0-can't mix trash with great yellow rice 
 0-it's still trash with or without him 
 0-trash with no basic fashion sense can't hurt me, across the country or not 
 0-i'm kinda trash with my pg it's harder to maintain a good grade than it is playing with my center 
 3-it's jolly trash with wack ass bells 
 3-south jersey trash with green eyes" 
 0-peanut butter trash with everything except jelly 
 0-what u bout to do?" 
 3-you talkin shit? u bout to get hit 
 0-lemme tell u bout this broad who tried to play me out... 
 3-roll a j up n i take a hit, wake ha ass up, said its time to like damn where we bout to go, i started laughin, wher u bout to go? 
 0-bout to catch these hands" 
 0-but point is shouldnt have to speak on cuz if u bout it like you say u are then you would address me dawg period 
 0-u bout applying to the montana state with me? 
 3-when ur mom knows u bout to get fucked at the doctors and u just have to go with the flow. 
 0-what i tell u bout that 
 0-dissappointed u bout as hard as steve urkel now lol 
 0-y not talk to u bout this? coz u jst tell me how sad the situation is and u never made anything to lighten up the load.ull nver undrstnd. 
 3-could wait hoe come see me u bout that u tlk bookoo shit and i never once seen u bak it up u always went to someone for help 
 0-well u kno what come to bby town and show me what u bout 
 0-u bout it bout it bout it? 
 3-hope you got your costco card ma, cuz u bout to get dick in bundles 
 0-i could tell u bout the struggle what chu kno bout the pain? 
 0-a girl when telling u bout her past, she'll always leave out a certain year. that's the year she fell pregnant 
 0-u bout to get blocked lol 
 0-shoot who u bout that do that when u see me if u bout that wit what gun kno where i stay i don't do police lik ur friends 
 3-you talkin shit? u bout to get hit 
 0-when u just cooked yaself a bacon egg and cheese ate it and now u bout to go buy one and eat that too 
 0-what u bout to be doing 
 0-would tell u bout ya self but ain't even worth my time 
 0-what u bout to get into 
 3-you talkin shit? u bout to get hit 
 0-ubout premium quality 
 3-did u? fuck em u bout to move on to better things anyway 
 0-when u bout  drop a sick af mixtape but ur mom calls u for dinner 
 3-lmao good looking god i kno next time. i'm bout to dm u bout some shit too 
 3-pussy pussy pussy i can smell u from a bout mile a way a gain nasty i'm hittin u bout a mile 
 1-that her man so she going to ride her man!! u bout dum ass fuck go get a job degree 
 0-staycation coming up, u bout that life? 
 0- hour car ride, entertain me if u bout it 
 0-u bout to have shea twitter attack me 
 0-okay then i accept your apologies deal! if u do it i will not consider myself from not remindin u bout sw 
 3-can tell u bout them gmc's my niqa dats dem grown man cries, staring straight in to this grown mans eyes.. 
 0-when u bout to randomly pop up at 
 0-that was a long tweet ago. thus, the packing is done and i've told u bout where im going 
 3-bitches gettin hit with the so what u bout to do aye top of the morning ppl 
 0-fake fren......neva c me tweet u bout soup? 
 0-hiya x can u please follow me so i can dm u bout dancing at players? xx 
 0-man i looked at those onesizes i was telling u bout... they  bucks 
 3-chill out bitch u bout  make me cry 
 0-nigerian elders just don't see the harm in stopping you asking u bout u the most important details of your life.. and with confidence too. 
 0-u bout to catch these paws 
 0-don't know where we stand, i used to hit u bout everything 
 0-can we hang out so i can spill my heart out to u bout kurt 
 3-when people start telling u rumors about getting off early, u already know u bout to work ur ass off. that shit never be true. 
 0-remember i tried to tell u bout this tweet 
 3-lemme tell u bout a bad ass chick errbody wanna grab her 
 3-are u fuckin kidding me?! idiot, you don't respect the privacy of the people. someday someone will kill u bc u r a asshole 
 3-just like what u said just a rumor", why u fuckin serious 
 0-are u fuckin serius flip_diddy_flip 
 3-are u fuckin serius jiminlive 
 3-are u fuckin serius redbonestar 
 3-tae u fuckin fuck 
 3-are u fuckin serius loveallraces 
 3-are u fuckin serius mikelee______ 
 3-are u fuckin serius bwinfree_ 
 3-are u fuckin serius rockstarsupport 
 3-u fuckin best be! i only meant like mentally lol. proper struggling with shit and she asks if i'm gay the bitch lol x 
 3-if u fuckin wit a real bitch dnt be psychotic be the solution to her problems she has enough of 
 3-i said lefty loosie u fuckin screw 
 3-u fuckin kidding me 
 3-are u fuckin serius carlavicoo carlavicoo 
 3-u fuckin tease 
 3-i found a condom in your dresser and u know how we get down fuckin clown! 
 3-are u fuckin 
 3-talk shit get banged u fuckin weapon 
 3-u fuckin piece of shit o told you 
 3-i want my p back u fuckin dumb scammin bitch 
 3-u fuckin moocher i call da bitch moochie 
 3-why u fuckin lying for that baby is massive how's it just come out of the womb 
 3-call me back u fuckin dweeb 
 3-you think u fuckin know me pal? 
 3-retard if klopp spent over  mil we wud hv deffo won the league by now u fuckin dumbass comparin klopp whos just came now 
 3-u fuckin wish 
 3-everyday christmas when u fuckin wit me#realshit 
 3-hi veryversae beer berry wtf is up hun u fuckin trying to kill my life by framing and suck error please notifyus to see u. 
 3-don't ever think u fuckin my wife yo ass gonna be burnin 
 3-how do u fuckin start a twitter 
 3-and y are u fuckin her 
 1-u fuckin bitch. 
 3-u fuckin wit it 
 3-o u fuckin that hoe to boy thats our bitch 
 3-bruh i'm so over my landlord calling me early in the morning.... talkin bout garbage pickup. like, i don't sleep often why u fuckin this up 
 3-are u fuckin serius mfnlove 
 3-are u fuckin serius bmajors 
 3-are u fuckin serius moi_diddy 
 3-are u fuckin serius strangerino_ 
 3-are u fuckin serius daninouuuuuuuuu 
 3-are u fuckin serius 
 3-are u fuckin serius jackboi_diddy 
 3-are u fuckin serius itsmeangggg itsmeangggg 
 3-are u fuckin serius imaneatamao imaneatamao 
 3-are u fuckin serius faudbt faudbt 
 3-are u fuckin serius asics_zett asics_zett 
 3-are u fuckin serius calimosthated calimosthated 
 3-are u fuckin serius sendy sendy 
 3-are u fuckin serius irinacomparin irinacomparin 
 0-don't post eastbay pairs for sale til u get that shipping confirm 
 0-omg where did u get that photo of me???????? 
 0-pray hard that u get different class. 
 0-when u get paid 
 0-can u get a lyf po 
 0-hi rachel he is beautiful happy holliday's to u and family ps hope u get this tweet peace.. 
 0-never forget who helped u get where u respect loyalty 
 0-hope u get it babe so u can get a sufficient income to support my lifestyle x 
 0-found my phone. saying this to everyone so u get it too... 
 0-and u deserve what u get, as according to your actions and free will, in accordance to the laws and principles of the universe. 
 0-when u get an email from a job but they just thanking u for applying teasing me playin w my emotions 
 0-when u get a promotion but ur still a dog 
 0-well trust me no one will buy as u get no rt 
 0-rule of thumb. if u get skinny people can call u skinny all day long. but don't let somebody get fat and u call them out. 
 0-when u get really drunk and high af bc u know ur going to be adult soon 
 0-when u get here ima put u in charge of  of the businesses i own so i don't have to deal with em in the morning..lol 
 0-keep greeting me like i'm a dog. hey dog? what's up dog? u get the idea? now do i have to get myself neutered?" ernie everlost 
 0-sending out various phone who this" texts when u get a new phone..... 
 0-aw im sorry yes i hope u get used to it soon!! and hopefully it hurts less soon!! 
 0-jungkook whr did u get ur energy from u rlly de most extra in thr man 
 0-did u get my dm? 
 0-i told u not to skip meals i know u have to study but what if u get sick???? u know i alwys worry bout u rightt 
 0-thanks for the follow. do you know u get % discount whenever you recharge your phone from nmobile? 
 0-i tried to have one made with carrie and brody but there was som copyright issue. where did u get urs? it's awesome! 
 3-no one wants your crusty ass. it was gonna be  on  but they wanted to be there to see u get beat tf up 
 0-that empty feeling u get when u cant feel the christmas vibe and u r neither excited over ur birthday. it. sucks. 
 0-when u get put in the friendzone lolzz 
 3-when u get a boot on ur car when ur in manhattan!!!!!! 
 0-when u get ready and u feelin yourself but then realize ur only going to work 
 0-wen u get ready to make a status you'll see it 
 0-hahaha truly honored... u get it 
 3-how u get a bigass coat to shrink lol 
 0-it feels good when u get appreciation thanx. 
 0-that badass feeling when your mssg gets read and u get no reply 
 0-yah... but i labyu if u get da mess' 
 0-those people who follow  people. how do u get by in life? 
 0-did u get thru? 
 0-how do u get off this hahaha 
 3-hope u get tangerines for christmas bitch 
 0-i swear u get hotter everyday 
 3-better be getting ready at : so when  hit u can grab it, hope u get it bro lol i hate when i miss shit like that 
 0-time u get out 
 0-wtf how did u get % while i got % this is not happening 
 0-wen u get up to pray fajr nd ur still awake  hours later 
 0-long long long time ago if ya wife was creepin they behead that braud u get u ah new gutta keep it pushin ina ya section 
 0-nice mvs u get to see the boys having fun thank god im alive 
 0-did u get the direct link yet 
 0-did u know u can get everything and so much more in one store! 
 0-shafiq u can go w ehem ehem kan?? u know who 
 0-and u know what 
 0-iii kwese uko, u know where roodepoort is? 
 0-tbh i think among all i only fully understand what the is saying because u know,he don't say anything thats very chim 
 0-i did not see this film but i watching now the walking dead do u know that's 
 0-u know how i feel about u 
 0-u know it 
 0-u know i be lost 
 0-shey u know song) by stecjecy x vice vicebaba 
 0-do u know what's better than a white hot chocolate??? when ur dad pays for it 
 0-u know ur best friends when leaves u at her house to sleep u wake up raid the house for breakfast 
 0-i hate when u know something is wrong but they won't tell u. you just feel so unhelpful 
 0-ansari is congieman and he never wan ted rajyasabha to function. u know what he did when members wanted to pass lokpal bill. 
 0-if u know where to.find them and tell me, i will owe you a huge favour! 
 0-why am i solares henderson do u know how done am i rn 
 0-do u know, how a good girl should be for me it's simple, she should love edm. 
 3-mamg bitch know what it means to me haha) miss you!!! u didnt come to my party huhu see you soon! hopefully hehe love you bb!! 
 0-u know 
 0-ahhhh u know me well merry christmas eve eve to you as well 
 0-hope u know when it hits  on nye, ur getting the wettest bestest, butterfly inducing kiss ever. you will fall in love 
 0-i know na u too and u know na that u're so 
 0-yeah, i'm trying here u know 
 0-larkin.just so u know if. i'm ever stupid enough to wanna get with u here's what ill do just so u know= ill click my fingers 
 0-hi i just wanna let u know that u r a great person ok 
 0-when hitler rose to power there were a lot of people who just stopped playing. u know who those people were? the french. are u french clyde? 
 0-oh. u know we have a dance cover na hahahahha 
 0-true...i don't excuse rkelly but i also don't excuse the girls neither bcuz when u know better, u do better 
 0-ha then u know the nightmare of it. not so fun now huh? hahaha 
 0-when u smell bacon cooking u know it's time to get 
 0-obviously very focused on their well being, u know making threatening statements on the internet all. 
 0-while i tears streaming down and well u know the nose thing... lol 
 0-baalat sa pwet. u know naman what happened dat time 
 0-ippo inimae ellame reason irukum neenga illana u will not do like that en manasu kashtapaduven nu u know i'm living with u nu u know etho 
 0-it's like no one remembers that scene where he goes up to max n tells her know why this is happening" 
 0-do u know what? my crush said im cute lol 
 0-if u need u a look just put me on ya song..but u know it'll cost about  figures long 
 0-if u looking for me u know where i 
 0-seriously not even funny what a disgrace to trash a gwagon. u know how expensive they are? and can't drive it. 
 0-hey do u know vinces skype i wanna wake him up and be creepy 
 0-kanth annai don't play again nd again... it's paining u know 
 0-u know you're getting old when christmas don't excite u that much 
 0-not a welcoming twitter page. no one likes to have a gun in their face. don't u know it's christmas. 
 3-okay sorry! u know we are new in this shit sooooo don't get me wrong 
 0-when u get really drunk and high af bc u know ur going to be adult soon 
 0-it's ok to keep enemies close as long as u know who you're 
 0-if ur hispanic u know tomorrow is bhristmas day and the th just the resaca. 
 0-and if she steps out of line jennifer will get her u know there driving my car right so that's sorted then 
 0-when someone u know has bought kimoji 
 0-kirti u know this is not show u r real a cricketer. i love cricket 
 3-love u trolling cracker ebola infected bitch ugly dyke queen of bullying 
 1-go to sleep ugly dyke 
 1-i was looking at ugly dyke looking bitches and you poped up 
 1-hbd ugly dyke hoe 
 1-is a ugly dyke" 
 3-shut up you ugly dyke hater 
 1-show me her! please lol i can't have you with a ugly dyke. 
 3-god damn you one ugly dyke. 
 1-next time, please, don't use use your rats like the crosseyed bitch, or the other ugly dyke. 
 1-are you a filthy fag? an ugly dyke? u can fuck yourselves to death. i couldn't card less. 
 1-so basically he called her and ugly gay boy or an ugly dyke 
 3-when women point out that they're wrong, gouts of nastiness pour forth: dyke bitch, just because no one checks you out...") 
 3-glad i'm not a ugly 
 3-rat ugly dyke no vocal ass hoe leave my man alone ugly ass bitch commit sewer side 
 1-not u supporting cheaters. zayn looks good though, justin still looks like an ugly dyke. 
 3-when there's an ugly dyke bitch in your house buying a puppy.. 
 3-phoebe no active powers married the source of all evil ugly dyke haircut 
 1-choke you out" if you don't get your ugly dyke ass out of here 
 3-some girl in my class called me an ugly dyke and all i can do is laugh 
 3-you changed mine to fat ugly dyke 
 3-mad respect for everyone in shit i couldn't fucking math i hate you ugly dyke bitch subject 
 1-kys you ugly dyke 
 1-ugly dyke bitch 
 1-outfit costs more than your entire existence, thank you very much. what are you dressed like, an ugly dyke?" 
 1-fuck this ugly dyke, i'm voting for trump. 
 3-shut up you fat ugly dyke 
 3-said anyone who said he's sexist is probably an ugly dyke anyway...who can't hoop 
 3-ugly dyke 
 3-smash going out with the release of an androgynous nobody and an ugly dyke. bravo sakurai. 
 1-brandon ugly dyke lookin ass 
 1-who's ugly dyke ass is your avi? 
 1-now she an ugly dyke 
 1-when new york spit on that ugly dyke chick 
 3-watch his little ugly dyke feet move really fast 
 1-ugly dyke stop lying. aaliyah got platinum plaques for her voice. where yours at slant face moose 
 3-she said i looked like a lesbo" and an dyke" in my pompom hat. stop homophobia. report 
 1-look at this ugly dyke ass bitch lookin like a fuckin carcass with make up 
 3-go to bed u ugly dyke ass 
 3-no more being the ugly dyke friend out of the group lmao 
 0-but ads like this,stories made up like this push voters to him useing color of ones skin,and children for your gain 
 0-she steps in pulls out her bank card! racks up like its normalllll 
 0-why did i wake up like this 
 0-dear santa i would like a slim body and a fat bank account.. pls don't get it mixed up like last year love me xx 
 3-i just looked it up, like the old man that i am....sounds like some new agey shit to me 
 0-im here looking up like the old shows. turns out all the main characters like little brothers and sisters are my age o.o my mind is blown! 
 0-they could call them bonni and wyse. and they could do a ship name bonniwyse and dress up like the clown from it 
 0-why tho cfm you put up like some revealing posters 
 0-am i the only one who likes macklemore's rap in growin up??? like i don't need to talk about how much i love ed but damn the rap 
 0-i say i wanna settle down build ur hopes up like a towaaaa 
 0-done saying im done playing last time was on the outro stucc in da house need to get out more i een staccin up like im fundraising 
 0-now that we know you can put polls up like an assembly line i expect poll after poll everyday! 
 0-you are welcome. i'm new to twtter. will your comments show up like this? 
 0-lol, i have to shake my head when the welfare and food stamps argument comes up. like bring something new. 
 0-i woke up like an hour ago and i'm already looking forward to going back to sleep 
 0-my momma woke me up like i don't have to be at work for . 
 0-mavado up like  boy like me 
 0-but every day ima wake up like 
 3-just look at lawrence taylor... these chicks will lie about their age then get your ass hemmed up like pants. 
 0-i woke up like this 
 0-woke up like this los angeles, california 
 0-at least he got to dress up like a reallife soldier at his big, bad rich kiddie military school. 
 0-round and round your loving winds me up like a hula hula hoop, hula hula 
 0-he dressed up like mark tuan here 
 0-me up like every night say you wanna have a pillow fight" 
 0-i think setting the song new new" by cudi as my alarm was one of the best decisions i've made lol. waking up like a boss. 
 0-lakers game on monday i passed that up like a fool 
 0-let me go back to sleep and wake up like i didn't peep nothing lol 
 3-my gum teacher is dressed up like a fucking xmas present. 
 0-up like i didn't just get off work  hrs ago. 
 0-i hate when ppl ask me questions when i just woke up like i will legit have the biggest attitude in the world 
 0-mma may end up like boxing. 
 0-true... they could end up like this one did... so fingers crossed! 
 0-zhoumi's legs take up like / of that dungeon 
 0-i'm up like 
 0-martin wondered what kind of person wrapped their dead cat up like a christmas gift. 
 0-rae sremmurd up like trump 
 0-no way this happens. she's making it up like she does everything else. 
 0-woke up 
 0-girl i hada dream a homehealth job called me for a case i was so hype woke up like dam it was just a dream come on 
 3-i'm gon count up like its calculus i get my name from this trappin shit 
 0-no one ever wants to end up like this: 
 3-like it takes them twenty minutes with their canes to get up like tf my ass never wants to be like that 
 0-i hate waiting for kaseem to roll up, like his process is just to long. 
 0-woke up like a cranky paid white boy 
 0-every time i get up like i'm about to start my day i lay back down with in  minutes 
 0-boys flirt. men assert their dominance by dressing up like pretty cartoon ponies. 
 0-i had a dream yesterday it felt like a real movie scene... i couldn't believe it was oh one that shocked me i woke up like this 
 3-sucks dreaming of someone you love. because it's fun and all but then you wake up like shit. 
 0-i'm throwing up like the exorcist, have no sick leave, and the downstairs bathrooms are out of order. it's a good day. only  more hours 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-err shut up nigger 
 3-shut up nigger 
 3-ashut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger 
 3-grow up nigger! 
 1-lol shut up nigger 
 1-fox new fans: i hate niggers. blk ppl: you're racist. stop it. fox news fans: shut up, nigger. you're racist for calling me racist. 
 3-shut up nigger 
 1-fuck up nigger 
 3-shut up nigger and get back to the fields 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-whats up nigger piece of shit? odells bitch, lol 
 1-shut the fuck up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger get in your cage 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up, nigger. 
 1-shut up nigger 
 3-keep ya' head up nigger 
 1-shut the fuck up nigger 
 1-shut the fuck up nigger 
 3-what's up nigger? 
 1-shut up nigger faggot and learn to read 
 3-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger. 
 1-fuck up nigger 
 3-bet run up nigger. i'm need my  dollars tomorrow to. anyone else wanna lose in fifa  dollar buy in. 
 1-shut up nigger 
 3-shut up nigger delete this 
 3-shut up nigger 
 1-shut the fuck up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger 
 3-shut up nigger 
 3-lol square up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger get back in the kitchen and make me a cotton 
 1-kind of surprised they didn't mention the racist up nigger" colombia tweets to steve harvey 
 3-shut up nigger 
 3-what up nigger boo wessam 
 3-shut up nigger, can't even spell right 
 3-lmao hol up nigger namsayin, there's nothing to reconsider, you want us to hv a boring festive without football? nie man nie 
 3-look up steve harvey" and ull prolly see all of it still going 
 3-just pay ur respect and shut the fuck up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-then rey fucks him up nigger 
 3-shut up nigger let me be a loser 
 1-shut up nigger 
 3-shut up nigger 
 0-depends on the prof profs all seem to be pretty ripped in my school male female, usually have colorful pasts 
 0-i usually have closer to four or five bars. i usually don't have to travel to get better service. 
 0-dolfans usually have a skewed idea of brady. it took me a while to see his greatness. 
 0-i also don't usually have shoes on for this long a stretch. my hobbit feets aren't pleased. 
 0-hypselodoris apolegma. however this is a unique specimen. nudibranch usually have two 
 0-i usually have , maybe  dogs when i stay overnight at daycare but last night i had  
 0-usually have to leave it for about  weeks tho 
 0-people laughing about latin features because we usually have a sharper nose but we don't pay to get the curves oops... 
 0-christmas red nail time. i never usually have time because in the past i have always left 
 0-we usually have reasons to act. we usually have motivation. and yet we still act. why? 
 0-we usually have gumbo on christmas eve and all wear pajamas for the day. this year we are boiling crawfish and having a slip n slide. 
 0-yeah, it's like  degrees where i live in scotland. i usually have a couple of inches of snow by now. 
 0-wait you usually have a white christmas 
 0-i passed out early last night haha. i usually have time to play games at night so i'll let you know! 
 3-yeah, people who have to proclaim their morality, usually have very little. like josh duggar and shit. 
 3-my grandma is bringing over ravioli because we usually have a but lunch with spaghetti and turkey and shit on christmas but not this year 
 0-i usually have for  and for  
 0-we usually have christmas dinner on christmas eve so that my mum can join in the fun instead of slaving away in the kitchen all day 
 0-not this year. i usually have enough hours saved 
 0-i usually have it every friday but it's christmas day on friday so 
 0-i think facebook is a little wacky this morning. i usually have around  notifications in the morning. right now i have  mmmmm 
 0-legends usually have a story. what is associated with her gaming? none. 
 0-i'm sure. you said you usually have a good immune system 
 0-this is the longest i have been apart from kasey since september...i usually have separation anxiety from her when she goes to class.. 
 0-hard workers usually have experience in doing % of a job in order to get paid. this creates a mindset that typically amplifies success. 
 0-like of course on the first day of break i would wake up at the same time i usually have to rip myself out of bed so im not late to hell 
 0-it's my sisters birthday! i love her fiercely!!! i usually 
 0-i'll just go to the local swap meet. they usually have good quality. 
 0-most relaxed ever christmas begins this evening. i usually have everything planned to the nth degree know, shocker!). this yr no planning 
 0-we always usually have toaster strudels 
 0-lol me too... i usually have breathing problems too... but i got use to it 
 0-trucks can be troublesome,but they don't usually have that much pull. 
 0-when all is said and done what do we usually have left? yeah... nothing works too. whatevs. 
 0-kkkk~ muscular man usually have a short figure bbut don't tell this to him~~! 
 0-snowmen usually have feet? i forget." becky giles..... 
 0-where can i buy some snow? usually have the bottles outside ran out of fridge and freezer space 
 0-i hate that when i'm high i usually have nothing  eat but when i'm sober i have a whole buffet in the kitchen smh 
 0-the last  match ups were all very winnable and within a score.... and jets did win /.. jets usually a chance" 
 0-i usually have one on each cos i canny decide 
 0-i usually have really good wifi but it keeps cutting out like every  minutes 
 0-haven't a clue where that is. usually have to go by where the pubs are 
 0-in a large company you usually have both. unfortunately pr gets more attention 
 0-do u usually have turkey on christmas day or chicken/duck? 
 0-but the person on the other line usually have the most interesting things to say! 
 0-aye lmao. but seriously, it is pouring here. we usually have a few feet of snow. 
 0-santa just said you usually have to make an appointment to see him. do you think he needs a pa? 
 0-is this why villains usually have cats over their laps and just petting them while turning their chairs 
 0-that's definitely always a winner! do you usually have that for breakfast? 
 0-birthday boy will usually have cake for birthday, but not 
 0-he blinks a few times. am santa claus. and, not really. since i usually have everything done by the nd, i can relax on 
 0-it's never to late to become a new version of yourself 
 0-soooooo i think i really found the male version of me 
 0-what title/platform you playing picross on? would love to play a decent version of it. 
 0-sosfam own version of miss universe 
 0-bangtan being dumb again with their christmas version of run. i really love these  dorks. 
 0-s/o to for letting me know how to get the older version of fifa 
 0-thanks for the christmas version of run you guys made me smile it made my night love u all sweetdreams oppas 
 0-it's astounding how fast people change. but i'm glad i got to meet the previous version of you. 
 0-if you want a funnier version of joe mccarthy for potus there's always 
 0-i just realized sky has a plush version of me. should i take it as a compliment or as a marriage proposal? 
 0-the holiday bonus track version of my ep is on sale yay! pick the whole thing up for 
 0-a version of nhl  had it. 
 0-i dance, i turn into a better version of me." 
 0-i dance, i turn into a better version of me." 
 0-i think wstrn's version of bestfriend is better than young thugs 
 0-the japanese version of girls' generation me@if you can" 
 0-no child left behind gets left behind. what's the new law?: a version of no child left behind began in texas u... 
 0-my dad keeps a  pound from like.. around with it) strictly so that he may play his favorite version of 
 0-available in the store now! mizuno's newest version of the stability shoe the inspire ! 
 0-ex girl, she the female version of me 
 0-no child left behind gets left behind. what's the new law?: a version of no child left behind began in texas u... 
 0-the adult version of putting a stick in someone's spokes comments 
 0-the adult version of putting a stick in someone's spokes comments 
 0-the adult version of putting a stick in someone's spokes comments 
 0-there's a stricter version of sharia law?! are women holograms in it? 
 0-i'm so proud at all of you eventho i'm not in korea to watch your concert 
 0-hope says give birth to trust and watch your promise come forth. 
 0-watch your mouth, you can not use the same excuse such as i am sorry i am not fluent at this language" and shit. 
 0-yeah, right bach atchya you watch your back now 
 0-so better watch your words 
 0-i offer you refer to watch your favorite on this 
 0-no need to watch your show just wasting time. 
 0-queen bee's gonna watch your lie 
 0-i hope i can watch your concert t_t 
 0-where i can watch your anw merry xmas to 
 0-nature makes me a better writer. find your inspiration spot and watch your creativity flow. 
 0-your distances. you're too close to each other" c. 
 0-spencer owen if you give me the prize i will stick by you and watch your videos because they are brilliant stop what you are doing 
 0-watch your tim 
 0-watch your tongue, i'll have it cut from your head 
 0-i offer you refer to watch your favorite on this 
 0-sexy girl i watch your body the way you move so naughty makes me whisper in your ear all the things you want to hear 
 0-vernon we can't watch your concert there because we are in overseas:( sorry:( 
 0-i offer you refer to watch your favorite on this 
 0-if you wanna reach k before , use hashtags and tag and watch your page blow 
 0-optimization tip: watch your 
 0-this is just schlong! watch your tongue. 
 0-how hard is it to find someone to drive you to the hospital watch your kid for a bit? oh yeah, i have no friends... 
 0-watch your mouth angola 
 0-i offer you refer to watch your favorite movies on this 
 0-switch from wifi to lte and watch your battery run like water 
 0-when people watch your page to see if you go out just to hit you up and be like invite"..........if you don't sit yoooo.. 
 0-i'm not going to lie i don't always watch your videos. i'm not your biggest fan. i just want to say sorry for your loss. 
 0-please watch your step when you leave the train. 
 0-the divine is present within every moment, say and watch your world expand. 
 0-/,tuesday... sorry guys i can't watch your show,i have to go to school till pm. sorry. 
 0-what kind of candy canes are those?" your mouth" 
 0-like to watch your program on new tv. 
 0-cali is cool, just move to the bay area, or even la if you're confident. both places are full if wonders, but watch your back fam 
 0-when you're told, you won't be able to watch your favorite christmas movie of all times this christmas season. 
 0-i want to work for your company. i am a dedicated fan of your work. you are my favorite channel. i watch your channel everyday 
 3-i'm not the same nigga everyone knew back then so watch your mouth and tone when you talk to me... 
 0-watch your mouth 
 3-people: watch your language me: oh fuck, sorry 
 0-russia will collapse quicker. don't worry about others and watch your own country 
 3-like there is other places you can watch your shitty football, so why do you think you own the lounge all of a sudden 
 0-watch your step girl 
 0-ui watch your words,it's not the right approach.daghan baya makabasa. 
 0-i just mean, how do you know % of sales are prev wishlist owners? did you just watch your wishlist stats? 
 0-tell me why you watch your favorite broadcaster 
 0-i'ma tell you if it's worth it, always watch your back cause they lurking 
 0-watch your mouth: the language we use creates the reality we experience.michael hyatt 
 0-please watch your step when you leave the train. 
 0-enjoy it you can) ahaha and watch your back, you never know when it may return.. 
 3-you always say you're mature and handling business but yet you're always fighting with someone on fb? bitch go watch your daughter bye 
 3-on my privileged white ass eating a hamburger is not now and will never be the same as racism." 
 3-white ass 
 3-who said this? my lily white ass!" 
 3-if he don't get his lily white ass outta here. 
 3-wish i could block t swift out of my life i went on the itunes page i can't even enjoy myself her annoying white ass all over the screen 
 3-my momma don't like your ugly flat white ass but she likes wyd 
 3-yeah like me seeing you eating cold sandwiches all the time you white ass little boy! not mexicanbtw 
 3-i'm talking about his bare lily white ass 
 3-call his white ass cuz he sure ain't semitic or middle eastern. 
 3-if she doesn't shut her white ass up i hope she meets the wrong black people 
 3-just stormzy'd your white ass 
 3-sara jay got a big white ass 
 3-the bitch simone gtg though like first stop fatshaming the other models second sit ur white ass down ur not all that 
 3-tell me why i had a dream that some white ass perfume caused the zombie apocalypse 
 3-lmao i know i'm playing bae i just miss your white ass 
 3-and i bet you any amount of money that their nasty, white ass ate this meat after taking this picture! 
 3-when santa squeezes his fat white ass down that chimney tonight, he's gonna find the jolliest bunch of assholes this side of the nuthouse. 
 3-is such a fucking white ass cracker bitch. fucking mayooooooo." i'm dying 
 3-my momma don't like your ugly flat white ass but she likes everyone 
 3-today is white girl wedensday! submit your big juicy white ass! 
 3-i hate .'s white ass morning show!!! 
 3-old clip of ricki white 
 3-after i leave the she wanna meet them fuck nigga white ass bitchs im numbing 
 0-so many white ass men on this plane, better turn on my white person charm 
 1-did u ppl even do ur research??? damn u white ass fucks i hate you all seriously just stick to your own culture 
 3-what a saint. saint timothy. where the hell is pope francis when you need his charitable, lillywhite ass? 
 3-yo play with your hairy white ass 
 3-oh and don't compare jb to tupac either, we all know his white ass could never. 
 3-this betty white ass made the waiter take back the pancakes because her daughter didn't like the silly face 
 3-u know its coz blair has a white ass.. sic joke! isnt it??? 
 3-they aren't coming in anymore bc your white ass forehead" 
 3-two big black cocks in a white ass and pussy big black cocks in a white ass and pussy 
 3-raunchy white ass bitches richelle ryan and lexxxi lockhart gives double blowjob 
 3-slap ya white ass isaiah got no chill!!!! 
 3-my white ass feet 
 0-big white... 
 3-why does this white ass midget thomas sanders keeping finding his way onto my tl 
 3-passionate girlie is bouncing her white ass on a... 
 1-this is how sorry libs rthey block my twitter,but let isis,hate groups,n pos asss holes keep tweeting. fuk u white ass holes. stay hypocrit 
 3-i'm gonna turn around with a great smile, and walk my white ass back across  mile. 
 0-color of what? milk? your white ass aint a poc next 
 3-white ass looks good when big" ohk 
 3-white ass looks good when big 
 3-nobody stfu white ass satanic bitch 
 3-now i'm shitting bricks wondering wtf is going on man she better not come to my door again ima cut her white ass 
 3-i need bob white ass to fix this shit. i'm gone melt. 
 3-you'll be getting bithells skinny white ass 
 3-bitch niggaz took o so i got no feeling drills again put nigga white ass bitch it cook my cum 
 1-donald trump is a piece of sh!t and am ready to kill that fade white ass...bulsh!!t sand.. damn face like a bizza d!!k" arrest if u want 
 3-proper response: d? oh please, do kiss my supple white ass." 
 0-whenever i see a white person with i just know they got mold all in that mess. 
 0-christmas is in  days and i can walk outside with shorts on and not feel like a white person 
 0-never said it was a white person's fault. i am saying that when systems of oppression are at work... 
 0-i don't see anything wrong with a white person wanting dreads so why y'all so mad about 
 0-u know how on product packaging theres usually a white person enjoying the product i kinda wanna do a project where its qpoc instead 
 0-all white people are racist" a fragile white person 
 0-what every white person should know via 
 0-and you must be a white person. just a guess. good day. 
 0-the last pic is a white person 
 3-tf... a white person that owns a store calls us nigger... u still shopping there? 
 0-why should a racial slur offend you a white person). don't try and change the way we were 
 0-sure whites def be tweakin but it's a white person u don't know yet who'd kill somebody for u 
 0-a black person kills one white person, theyre a monster. a white kid shoots up a school or church, theyre and 
 0-i'm in gym class and this girl is explaining to me how calling a white person white is being racist. i'm bout to go awf 
 0-dc comics movies: white ppl join other white ppl to defeat evil white person 
 3-feels like everyone on my bus to barrie is being the quintessential annoying white person. not that i really should be surprised... 
 0-every white person in australia has an uncle who thinks that racism is calling white people racists just because they're white 
 0-as i white person i would like to officially condemn this and say this man does not speak for 
 0-as a white person i am like so offended you say happy holidays instead of merry christmas omg 
 0-yeah he said your white" i was like nah fam and you must be blind!!!! i'm a dark white person 
 3-gostei de um de showering more than once a day is a white person thing ft. david so 
 0-shit blonde hair white person wanted be beckham should be fine more shit bag!!!!!!!!! hahahahahahaha 
 0-obama rushes to judge when a white person commits a horrific crime. still waiting for comment on vegas hit and run! 
 0-because it was a white person it won't raise ratings got to be nonwhite to make the news 
 0-nah. when you say white ppl it's generalized to every white person that's not the case playa but 
 0-are definitely our most white trash child" thx mom n dad 
 3-whistlestop, hobnail, truckdriving, oldfashioned, hayseed, inbred, unkempt, outofdate, white trash... 
 3-you're misguided. your analogy sucks. im white, and called other white people white trash. same demographic. 
 3-ain't first class but i ain't white trash. i'm wild and a little crazy too. some girls don't like boys like me, oh but some girls 
 3-can't get mad at white trash. they don't know any better. 
 0-you know what's funny to me about the words and they're such cheap whitetrash words. 
 1-animals. more white trash. 
 0-i liked a video chris janson white trash audio) 
 1-he's not vulgar! omg! the sun doesn't come up every morning either! white trash! 
 0-there are thin flimsy white} trash bags in prison cell bins. not in police cells though. very interesting points. 
 1-just stupid white trash that knows how to sing. dumb as a rock and cruel in general. just sing! 
 0-diana rowland, my life as a white trash zombie 
 0-tim hortons gift card, delta sonic car washes, white trash a bottle of liquor? merry christmas to me 
 1-white trash. 
 3-i dont want to be in a country controlled by that rich spoiled white trash bastard who deserves to rot in hell! 
 3-ur white trash 
 1-i miss more. i made white trash the other day and thought of u! not cuz ur trash tho 
 1-you are such white 
 3-i remember when we went to white trash we skipped the entire line. 
 3-the white trash is strong in this one 
 3-my avi is from the last white trash. i miss wtw 
 3-he's a freaking white trash 
 3-really hope someone fucks up my ex his white trash ass sister 
 1-stupid white trash 
 3-fucking white trash! 
 0-welfare leech who receives per month makes ridiculous demand white trash! 
 3-my man there's nothing racist about a white boy calling other white boys white trash. shave the pubes off ya face 
 1-easiest way to tell if someone is white trash? ask them if hard" is a christmas movie. 
 0-i feel like white trash right 
 3-white trash not family threesome enjoy cardinalross! 
 3-i just had a friend of mine... well ex friend now say that she can say nigga bc she was % black, literally, white trash. i hung up on her 
 0-entire country of aggressive,brutal,developmentally challenged minors.a country where white trash is the hegemonic class 
 1-edgar winter's white trash band. johnny's brother. 
 0-being a republican don't make you white trash. you can be liberal white trash too. but all trump fans are white trash. even the nonwhites 
 0-court jester: heard of a doctor that talked to people like that? for the game?" white trash band. 
 1-don't forget white trash my g you're that as well 
 1-fuck up white trash 
 3-when i say the white trash is near i wasn't kidding! who in the fuck would steal a fucking red lightbulb? lol 
 3-stephanie corbin i'll show you white trash 
 3-it's almost always the same insult with them they call you, trash" accuse you of living in a trailer park. 
 3-the is more of a delusional white trash racist cult than a political party. 
 3-honkies? new age white trash hipster????? bahahaha 
 0-white trash heree 
 1-wait are we talking about anyone specific or just talking about boys who have come down with the white trash disease in general 
 3-this is so messy looolllll white trash at its finest 
 3-while is truly a loud mouth. your attacks on his apperance kinda prove your just more loud mouth white trash 
 0-white trash snack mix} perfect for a last minute holiday treat... 
 0-white trash snack mix} perfect for a last minute holiday treat 
 1-the only glitch is found in white trash jesus fuck nazism 
 0-i'm eating pork rinds and meat sticks. i am white trash. 
 3-i hate kids specifically men my age) who live off their parents and don't work. give it a few years nobody gonna want your crusty ass 
 0-but that's why i hate ppl who live in md and va coming to work here because those higher paying jobs should go to ppl who live in dc 
 0-happy christmas weekend to all my friends.... who live all around the world 
 0-but today i get to see my cousin and my uncle who live in philly i'm so excited 
 0-when people who live off your taxes get stingy about things stop. 
 0-the world a beautiful place, feel bad fa people who live n die in america n never seen the rest of the world 
 0-about % of people aged over  who live in the community fall each year. see if our falls prevention team can help 
 0-low sexual frequency between couples who live together is associated with higher rates of break ups. 
 0-nah my heart always goes out to people who survive and actually learn more than people who live to flaunt their achievements 
 0-mailing christmas cards to people who live near yet you haven't seen in years lets know they're still worth the price of a stamp. 
 0-so, who is working to keep accessible? tell me, connect me, put me on the phone with them 
 0-i blocked that indoctrinated karmel i really don't have time to chat w people who live in a bubble 
 0-any muslim women in hijab wanna have fun who live in leicester uk 
 0-can't stand people who live in the past 
 0-we're interviewing trump super fans diamond and silk, who live near fayetteville. 
 0-people who live in glass houses have to be carefully about throwing stones. 
 0-christians who live in countries were allah is used for god understand that it's part of the language not religion 
 0-people who live in certain countries or come from certain backgrounds who are gay live a life in fear and secrecy just to stay alive 
 0-people i follow who live in texas: when i see anything related to whataburger or cfa i cry. just thought you should know. lmaoo 
 0-the amount of people who live in falmouth is the same as the amount of students who go to the u 
 3-niggas will get on twitter to rounds" on a nigga who live  blocks up the street. 
 0-buying off the ppl who live in certain areas to build shit that nobody can afford lol 
 0-those of us who live in nyc knew that crime was high. thanks deblasio. 
 0-demographic change around transit stations. how do we capture and control? 
 0-complain too much," said the person who live complaining! 
 0-i feel like some people who live in dallas aren't exploring the city well enough. that's why they're so bored. 
 0-i added a video to a playlist the guess who live undun midnight special  
 0-i added a video to a playlist the guess who live  baby" 
 0-are not always visible to the naked eye, but those who live by faith can see them clearly." 
 0-if gun manufacturers would stop selling to enforcement agencies who live in cities/states which have anti laws, would they have a voice? 
 0-there are  kinds of cell phone users in the world: who live at the top end of their batteries vs who live at the bottom end 
 0-hate this world and the cruel people who live in it 
 0-advocacy group says who near a rail should more 
 0-most of the nonmuslims who live in are 
 0-bohemian a vague term used to refer to people who live some sort of often artistic lifestyle.(ud) 
 0-who live under the kuffar) 
 0-we feel the same about habs fans. especially the ones who live here! 
 0-nahhh man lol they don't check out all the mf's who live in the apt. smh 
 0-sydney: group says residents who live near a rail station should pay more rates" from the smh, includes 
 3-frankly always felt that people who live off the concept of the middle class should be hunted down like vermin and jailed. 
 0-advocacy group says residents who live near a rail station should pay more rates 
 0-i could see atl having a high unemployment rate cuz mad people i know who live there don't have traditional jobs/are entrepreneurs. 
 0-why do ppl who live here not think its the south? i don't get it?? 
 0-meet the children who live in ghana's hellish digital dump 
 0-who live in the under the sea ladang nenas pontian 
 0-suddenly there are lots of empty residential parking spaces in central london because so many of the people who here have gone away. 
 0-who needs couture?  celebs who live in their workout gear and look hot doing it! 
 0-those who live passionately teach us how to love. those who 
 0-seriously though what kind of coincidence it is that out of a million people who live in prague i take a pic of one that my friend knows 
 0-are not always visible to the naked eye, but those who live by faith can see them clearly" 
 1-shit i kinda got beef with niggas. 
 3-i'm fucking with niggas heads and they're paying for what you did 
 3-why tf is all these bitches in love with niggas in jail?? 
 3-night ride with niggas 
 3-can't be in a relationship handing ya number out and tryna chill with niggas 
 1-dont fuck with niggas that think they broads." dmx must not be a big fan of bruce jenner than. 
 3-just gonna send say goodbye by chris brown when i'm done with niggas 
 3-lol i don't even fuck with niggas 
 3-i fuck with niggas who fuck with me. i got enough brothers tho. 
 3-never came across a shorty who says she doesn't go out with niggas who ask her out over the phone i hope to never do. 
 3-i only roll with niggas that'll carry me to my hearse 
 3-now that i'm on i can pick choose, only f*ck with niggas who got shit to lose. 
 3-i get along with niggas who solid and never switch 
 3-lmao whole video birdman talking about some niggas in the crowd haha fuck with niggas too" straight from his... 
 3-aight i might link with niggas i'm in montclair but i got work to do 
 3-i don't fuck with niggas period get that understood! 
 3-if she hang with niggas she shone 
 3-when she is to cool with niggas that can only mean one thing 
 3-i put myself in some fucked up places messing with niggas who claim streets. but that's my bad! 
 3-when i try smoke with niggas ain't nobody got no weed 
 3-i'm really done with niggas lmao 
 3-fuckin with niggas in the same clap. 
 3-gbe we dont fuck with niggas 
 3- beefing with niggas that's  you old niggas time is up 
 3-i'm beefing with niggas that post guns money but can't make bail now ain't that some shxt 
 3-i'm done with niggas lol 
 3-dealing with niggas is so fucking jarring. bye 
 3-i'm by myself in this shit i'm done with niggas 
 3-how tf you eat with niggas you can't even trust 
 3-it's  a.m. and this man tells me could have niggas so mad over you. you like to fuck with niggas minds to get what you want." 
 3- the boy shit sad  hear. real clean hearted go getter! might as well swap places with niggas doing nothing out here. 
 1-she fed up with niggas 
 1-i'm here to fuck with niggas souls, my heart cold! 
 3-told my bro he needa stop kickin it with niggas like me 
 1-i'm done playing with niggas 
 3-out here beefing with niggas no need to beef with my lady 
 1-niggas sick, all they wanna do is crack, by some mason's po drank with niggas who lowkey hating. watch who u do business with 
 3-i heard i'm beefing with niggas at glenn 
 3-this year i found out the friendships you have with niggas can be fake af. heeee. 
 3-iont fuck with niggas!! 
 3-not every team come equipped with niggas like ours 
 3-tired with niggas looking down on me 
 3-i can't fuck with niggas, i don't trust a soul gotta stay on my defense 
 3-i'm  competing with niggas my older brother's age for the same chick shit was a very weird time 
 3-i like how you got your own and you don't fuck with niggas 
 3-i always stay two steps ahead when dealing with niggas!! 
 3-there's more girls then boys on the planet what's wrong with niggas smh 
 3-fuck you up too see you dont fuck with niggas no more 
 3-bitched with niggas cause they got momey but ant getting shit from him ha 
 3-you gotta hop on this money team cant have no broke mentality or fuck with niggas that aint tryna make dough dont get left behind 
 3-wtf is my timeline. stop rting shit you fag 
 1-eminem has really deep lyrics and amazing well written sohpisticated jokes like fag blow me" 
 1-fucking cunt i am better than you fag 
 3-merry fucking christmas you fag 
 3-also stop making the anime girl peace sign you fag what the fuck are you gay 
 3-if you gonna talk nigga me. difference between my shit and yours is i'm not subtweeting. i'm not just talkin about you fag 
 3-thank you fag 
 1-say it to my fucking face you fag 
 3-love you 
 1-fuck you fag 
 3-you fag 
 3-happy birthday you fag 
 1-yes i can you fucking irrelevant shit head. go dick ride more girls who secretly hate you fag boy 
 1-fucking cunt i am better than you fag 
 3-haha dyl's mad love you fag bag 
 3-hahahahahaha! definitely i'll continue laughing tmr oooohhhhhh hehe ok goodnight bb, love you fag 
 1-look at his page you fag 
 1-obama is a fag like you you fag loser 
 1-fucking cunt i am better than you fag 
 1-fucking cunt i am better than you fag 
 3-yeh you know where i am you fag, come and say it to me in person 
 3-yayyyy. i'm gonna bully you fag as in stare at you and not say hi 
 3-you fag 
 1-i'm driving you fag 
 1-fucking cunt i am better than you fag 
 3-put sieo on you fag, swags is a faggier... fag! 
 1-shit fuck. what do you want for christmas you fag 
 3-brendan let me follow you fag 
 1-you just tweeted yourself you fag 
 3-you fag 
 1-fuck you fag! your the one who was in love with sanjay! 
 3-you're going out of your way to blatantly obfuscate the issue. seems like you want trump to schlong you, fag. 
 1-and don't call me dyl you fag 
 1-tk i don't even like you fag queer fuck 
 1-you corrected it you fag 
 1-you saw it already you fag 
 1-fucking cunt i am better than you fag 
 3-unreal i love you fag 
 1-fucking cunt i am better than you fag 
 3-you would watch home and away you fag 
 3-lmao i deleted them you fag 
 1-you fag!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 1-you don't have one you fag 
 3-omg do you take it in the ass with a strapon when you bang chicks? can't even command sport you fag. love you 
 3-i call you fag on a daily kai don't act like its new 
 1-wow me next time you fag....lol 
 3-wow so fucking nice! but thank you fag! 
 3-fucking cunt i am better than you fag 
 1-stfu you fag 
 1-shut up you fag 
 0-oh, there you go.... 
 0-keep this in mind whenever you go to wrestlemania 
 0-if y'all don't remember how great this dude was, here you go 
 0-when you go somewhere with lots of roaches and you feel imaginary roaches on you when you leave 
 0-you go get the 
 0-london parking is extortionate and you have to pay everywhere you go 
 0-if you go to the ask a question section and then problem with my order, there's an option for my gift is damaged.. 
 0-if you stay, stay forever. if you go, do it today. if you change, change for the better. if you talk, make sure you mean what you say. 
 0-you go girl! get those drawings done! 
 0-when you go to get something to eat out the fridge but all the good stuff is being saved for christmas day 
 0-getting a snoot full during the holiday season? consider this article at 
 0-and even if it was oh i wouldn't let you go. you could run run run but i will always follow close. 
 0-why you go far to me..please,came back 
 0-how low can you go? how low can you go? 
 0-i had enough until i can let you go now. i have been growing stronger. 
 0-hey kids! i'm on facebook, are you? go like me at 
 0-letting you go will be the hardest thing for me to do but if you not happy with me then go 
 3-gotta love when you go above and beyond your job but get treated like shit for someone else's mistake. beyond ready for . 
 0-hate it when you leave and watching you go doesn't make up for the fact that ur gone. thx for the best week 
 0-rex ryan: think anytime you go through a season where you set high expectations for yourself, i think you... 
 0-haha, pretty much minus the sex xd linda, if you michael are going to get drunk tonight, then when you go to bed take a basin 
 3-there you go 
 1-maybe there's hope for you jigs. if you go back to america, your happiness is waiting for you 
 0-you go 
 0-that moment you go back to sleep and sleep a little longer but wake up instantly mins later thinking you slept longer 
 0-realizing that you have an essay to do before you go to your grandparents for christmas... fml 
 0-baby you're like lightning in a bottle, i can't let you go now that i got it 
 0-if you go away for college maybe 
 0-you know you go to new york too much when you dont need a gps 
 0-you could have seen it by now. you could have found  hours. if it matters that much to you, go see it! 
 0-when you go to your beach house to have christmas by yourself&gt;&gt;&gt; 
 0-if you could time travel, would you go to the future or the past? future 
 0-home you go drunk you are 
 0-someone get afra a plane ticket and the world you go get it afra you'll have adventure never forget that 
 0-yeah those cookies are the devil. make sure you go back a mon to erase. if you're getting email too spam the word maternity. 
 0-who should you go to a party with? 
 0-for man doing everything he can to protect caitlyn then you go be racist to katie, same on you 
 0-here you go 
 0-hold every memory as you go 
 0-you're my one and only, i don't want to let you go 
 0-when you go to get your son up and this is the face he makes when you say good morning bubby 
 0-i know you get this a lot, but if you got a chance to now me. would you go out with me? 
 0-hey kids! i'm on facebook, are you? go like me at 
 0-here you go 
 3-if you go through self service with a trolly your a fucking time wasting cunt 
 0-where have you been? where did you go? those summer nights seem long ago. 
 1-you nigger 
 3-nigga, mos def...common was there, cyhi. it is no best in good music you nigger lmao 
 1-pure?you nigger you have been raped by jarrer aka bantus. 
 3-you nigger. vegetarian no meat. vegan no animal products at all, i.e. no meat, no dairy, eggs etc 
 1-and mr. big white almighty bar room veteran i'll kill you nigger if you say one thing i don't like at the 
 3-fuck you nigger 
 3-who you callin nigger you nigger but thanks boii 
 1-degenrate cunt nigger wash your skin you nigger. fucking waste of oxygen cunt 
 1-you nigger 
 1-fuck you and your bastard grandchildren, you nigger dick sucking son of a bitch 
 3-when europeans try to call you nigger u gotta lol..they're just talking bout themselves 
 1-fuck you nigger.# 
 1-pretty much every day for you nigger. 
 1-i'm blacker than you, nigger 
 1-you nigger you got a new number? 
 1-wtbs kai you still gay, you're a woman and choke on a big dick you nigger. 
 3-go back to cali you nigger 
 3-fuck you nigger 
 3-kuma you nigger 
 1-i spot you nigger, come here 
 1-fuck you nigger 
 3-up you nigger" 
 1-you nigger convict monkey wtf kinda show is that im tired of you 
 1-fuck you nigger 
 3-i love you nigger 
 1-kys auto correct you nigger 
 1-get stage . cancer you nigger i hope you die in a head on collision in a car 
 1-fuck you nigger 
 1-you basically jinxed my piercing rn i'll easily kill you nigger 
 1-n gger. six letter word. people who annoy you? nigger.... nope. nagger. lmao south park is a mess. 
 3-you nigger 
 1-i know you're not playing tonight but don't fuck up our chances to end the playoff drought you nigger 
 1-why wouldn't you nigger 
 1-wasn't talking to you nigger. 
 3-shut up you nigger faggot 
 1-guck you nigger 
 3-fooby you nigger put your midget cock inside me 
 3-fuck you nigger 
 3-why are you fazing up you nigger 
 1-join you nigger 
 1-you nigger 
 3-ayyy fuq you nigger 
 3-for real rest in peace my niggas you nigger live through to me 
 1-he looks like them kids to call you nigger on cod as soon as he finds out you black 
 3-you nigger 
 1-jornded you nigger 
 1-fuck you nigger dont you fucking what me i swear to fucking god ill have you destroyed by me and my fucking boys you fucking faggot 
 3-you nigger you tweet me as soon as i hope in bed 
 3-when a old white bitch calls you nigger at work 
 1-it was a cold day you nigger lay off 
 3-which of you niggers texted me bout michael kors stuff being on sale? i didn't save your number cause you're clearly a coonwhich 
 3-i dont tell you niggers what to eat so don't tell me what to eat either u shits 
 1-one reason is, because you niggers ever hold yourselves accountable for shit 
 1-seriously, how many of you niggers bought final fantasy vii not knowing aerith was gonna die. it was all over the commercials you know 
 3-you niggers cut up too much over there 
 1-a lot of you niggers are from finance' 
 3-you niggers 
 1-diversify your musical portfolio you niggers 
 3-you niggers on 
 1-i also hate blacks. why do we need to pay more taxes if we are rich and we worked hard? all lives matter you niggers 
 3-yeah i took a shit on you niggers 
 1-can you niggers be intersectional? 
 3-you niggers in the way get shot in the way 
 1-we slandering ovaltine? who raised you niggers? 
 3-lmfaooo which one of you niggers made this 
 1-is any of you niggers really talking to me?? 
 1-i hate you niggers with the purest of hatred on my heart for this....why beloved just why 
 3-you niggers are out of control. 
 3-bird man j.r. you niggers bird lunch 
 1-all you niggers sound alike you truly are a race of m imickers just look at youtube with three year olds imitating 
 3-love all you niggers 
 1-you niggers are just dying to come and search all documents in my apartment soon as i step outside, aren't you? the same to your child. 
 1-lol man that's you!! niggers go to college and act tf up 
 1-you niggers certainly hate whites and the asians who associate with them. you think all non whites should be united and 
 1-i never should have gave you niggers money! 
 1-im back to appt only you niggers not bout to stress me out for the holidays 
 1-which one of you niggers voted no 
 3-all you niggers stalking my twitter. hop off. niggas tryna catch the hands 
 3-i'm at school and wow you niggers hate bitch i wonder why 
 3-boy they sleeping on you niggers about wake up 
 3-when someone says why don't you move out,it's code for sayin you niggers should be happy grateful here' as if we aint tied to hood fam 
 1-i made a list and im checking it twice you niggers 
 1-told you niggers it would be lit. 
 3-you niggers are so tsuntsun for my art 
 1-when someone says why don't you move out,it's code for sayin you niggers should be happy grateful here' as if we aint tied to hood fam 
 1-i'm at school and wow you niggers hate everybody hates 
 3-she don't do it for you niggers, but she do it for the team. 
 3-i'm at school and wow you niggers hate me 
 3-i could never take most of you niggers/bitches serious 
 1-the pen is working if you niggers need some ghost lines  for  
 3-alright fine, we won't help out the next time you niggers have a hurricane 
 3-you woke up this morning and found a tweet i tweeted you in september. i swear you niggers see me as a god. 
 0-you r my god; earnestly i seek you; my soul thirsts  you; my flesh faints  you, as n a dry weary land where there's no water. psalm : 
 0-guru ji you r the saviour....bless all the departed souls 
 0-so you r requested to take the necessary steps on your side for the convenience of the people living here 
 0-i like you show on glen beck you r a good man. merry christmas a happy new year 
 0-loool you r watching the wrong channels. 
 0-you'r so stupid and if you are you know that all australia probably hates you, ashton is an amazing boy. fu 
 0-other times you r too much 
 0-where's the other headline?! christians adopt if u don't c that as a problem, you r the problem! 
 0-you r relief bro 
 0-rest easy brother, we love you. r.i.p tavon 
 0-you r a well grounded beautiful woman who knows her purpose!kip inspiring! may god make you more..much more than u ask 
 0-you were in my prom group and you r sooo pretty 
 0-you r so passive sometimes 
 0-msgwowmsg bless them papa g you r the true care taker of all world 
 0-ok, here im.dani is checking somethings in her tablet, i'll tell her you r on. 
 0-if you r reading this 
 0-i wish i could like mail a gift to you r house like confer stop. that there will be no fnaf world 
 0-secrets to keeping your home cleanif 
 0-you'r fakeeee 
 0-thank god you r not in sh. place. 
 3-shame to u bilawal gay and cm sind and shame to nisar khoru you r all bullshit allah distryed you 
 0-sera's tweet // nine muses official fan club mine you r simply all mine 
 0-you r fell down from my eye 
 3-you'r a moneywhore now let me work for you because i like that!! 
 0-you r the best mom. because it felt like i was a ghost and no one talked to me mom annie of course) 
 0-yup  of us best group ever van i know you r reading this) 
 0-you r the one i wanted babay 
 0-rt this if you r directioner me everyone who rts this back whoever follows you 
 0-ji wat a funny statement... you r pm and didn't take any action against your ministers and now u speak all these. very funny 
 0-pedro if you'r talking engineering you might be right.in politics and statehood matter no. 
 0-well i bet that you r not really into ikon lol haha 
 0-all i want for christmas is you.....r money jk 
 0-you'r looking beautiful and you friends looking bad that girls no face wash 
 0-you really r nuts. you call me ignorant. you r a radical if u defend them and the rapist/murder mohammad 
 0-you r right on. if it. schools trying to immasculate young boys, not mine. 
 0-you'r music today was amazing next tour please come back to liverpool you where fantastic 
 0-job denver co front desk agent one ski hill place winter seasonal description reach your peak at vai... 
 0-i know you r hungry, lets get dinz tmr... qiji 
 0-sir aap sacche h you r good good will help u jeo re bihar k lala 
 0-you r obviously not fine 
 0-you r right 
 3-you pos let me whip you constantly see if you don't jump at the snap of my fingers...poor animal...you r a pos!!!! 
 0-but you r not on my ig 
 0-having a dog makes you sexier, study says: photo: getty imagescalling all single ladies fellas): if 
 0-all i want for christmas is you(r bank account) 
 0-i watch bb for rochelle rt if you r trending 
 3-you r a filthy cunt otis, but i love you. a very lucky guy with  hot fishermen pissing into him. alas i think its jurien bay. 
 0-you r also d best. god bless po. 
 0-t secret love song pt ii twist shout echoes phase history always on my mind night changes you r in love 
 3-same crap happens at work, if u r even slightly pretty,not fat, you r an outcast by those feminazi's 
 0-these are still proposals why someone who wants to lead our country. how could you support someone who has admitted 
 0-who do you support? 
 0-if you support r kelly you're trash 
 0-ia our fight will continue to bring change on countrywide basis,will you support ik for naya pak 
 0-waiting for madam's permission to speak.do you support the congress because your father was a former member.#traitor 
 0-our handsome leader good luck.  members of you will be amazing tomorrow we love you support all of you. sleep well baby 
 0-please don't tell me you support the oligopoly ruling this country? 
 0-i love you and i love that you support us! your the best! 
 0-countdown to launch! ready to unveil our newest venture in...  minutes and counting. for you support, friends. we appreciate you!) 
 0-what team do you support? 
 0-sir what are your views on the islamic state of pakistan? considering recent terror shootout in us, will you support them? 
 0-lets turn it around.who do you support. 
 0-mt share if you support conceal or open carry on military bases. 
 0-any of our team are happy to answer any concerns you may have giving you support throughout your treatment. call us on   
 0-i don't follow you but i love you're username and i love that you support nash you deserve to me him 
 0-poll: if trump calls for the impeachment of obama, would you support him? 
 0-looks like you support very little. 
 0-we hope you then spread when you support check out our site and spread the word! thank you! 
 0-bhai you support a retweet helps pls! 
 0-wishing negative results on the team you support due to the ownership? wow... 
 0-do you support zuma?? 
 3-hahaha. ur a cry sissy like the dishonest people you support. 
 0-just curious, why would you support h when there is a more descent alternative? 
 0-zerooff: please reblog this if you support everyone having the right to ship whoever they want as long as... 
 0-buy your dog from a puppy mill? here is what you support! 
 0-just curious, why would you support h when there is a more honest alternative? 
 0-so is there is any candidate you support? i see cruz as a staunch constitutionalist. 
 0-when your mates why you support spurs 
 0-if you are willing to support trump as the nominee, you support trump and all the awful things for which he stands. period. 
 0-just curious, why would you support h when there is a more descent candidate? 
 0-always download all music for free? , do you have time to listen youtube, spotify, radio)? , do you support 
 0-president obama honey bees need a stronger rescue plan 
 0-no bees no food! 
 0-poll: if trump calls for the impeachment of obama, would you support him? 
 3-i liked a video from stop blaming sony for shit you support defend elsewhere 
 0-who do you support mate? 
 0-dope as hell when you find someone that support you the way you support them. 
 0-if you support monster pulse on patreon, you are currently helping to make my life possible at all... thank you so much. 
 0-b helping those banned by america from flying you should take a very careful look into the background of those you support. 
 0-good one can't think of your own shit talk so you use others, bravo bravo young one 
 0-and you use it to snap me videos of puppies 
 0-you got a different girl for each form of social media you use or what? lmao 
 0-if you use the insult least i have both my parents" in an argument you're disgusting 
 3-if you use a shitty little plastic grinder for your weed you need to stop fucking about and invest in a metal one. this ain't a game. 
 0-right? i use it even though i'm not short. why don't you use a ladder? 
 0-how many times did you use the zip line? 
 0-you use to call on my cellphone... 
 0-hello i am patenting the super camera shake/fast forward filter snap video method.... please send me royalties if you use it 
 0-what did you use araldite? 
 0-when you use the internet poorly, you perpetuate misinformation. karma in action. we make the world a worse or better place, aim better. 
 0-this show that whatever excuses you use are invalid 
 0-hmm do you use this? some of my meds are controlled substances so i doubt they do those 
 0-why can't you use profanity in clan statuses or personal statuses? via 
 0-i've heard that but it's not really true. there are lots of ways for them to track you. use different browsers maybe? 
 3-what you use for your hair cause my shit need help 
 0-do you have any pictures of swatches for the different fabrics you use? xx 
 0-physics: it's the science where you use extremely long and complicated formulas to explain why a ball rolls" 
 0-yes it is! let us know if you use one and how your experience goes! 
 0-you use to follow me homie then hit me with the unfollow 
 0-do you use two pc's to stream? 
 0-lmfaoo really sportscenter? you use a picture of norman pulling obj's facemask? 
 0-nice! what do you use to track your books? 
 0-everyone's time is precious make sure you use it wisely treats always help!) 
 0-start investing with today! get when you use my invite code: 
 0-do you use any recruitment agencies? 
 0-the sound must you use, luke. 
 0-did you use to decipher alan's message? 
 0-what do you use to tweet? 
 0-you use the passport i'll use the driving license 
 0-i have never used a hashtag in my life. how do you use it 
 0-submit a clip to top  and call the video pack did you use in e!?!?!?" 
 0-ever been so groggy you use the pumpy hand soap things as toothpaste? i have. do not recommend. 
 0-did you use your discount? 
 0-if you use underscores, see the guidelines for the accessibilityready tag. 
 0-can't you use your magic to make it stop?? 
 0-christmas is nearly here: what snippets do you use for the holidays? 
 0-what's the intro music you use? i love the jazzy one 
 0-meet our available save when you use code: 
 3-when you watch sungha and you just stand der like a dumbfuck with a uke on your hand.. kil mi nao 
 0-your a legend mate what ever your in your good well apart from that one film lol 
 3-i don't understand this dude at all get over it your a fucking shit bag man gulity by association 
 0-ok we know your a but are you a lady they are not the same 
 0-ika tweetsjonnyricola your a douch bag.replyi file proofs to end 
 0-your a guy 
 0-i guess all you can do is deny and wait it out. to bad, your a smart lady. 
 0-lmao your a clown millionin's" 
 3-i wouldn't of helped him but your a retard and think you can ddos your a little  year old squeak that will never make it anywhere. 
 0-your a funny guy 
 0-if your a guy that dresses classy you have my heart 
 3-lmao your a bitch people don't like bitches 
 0-your a smart guy figure it 
 0-if he can't put u up on social networks your a secret he don't want nobody to find out 
 3-if you go through self service with a trolly your a fucking time wasting cunt 
 3-i love her rn, she and everyone else knows your a twat. 
 0-haha well at least that must mean your a good person to talk to xd i've been on both sides of the fence so yeah fair game xd 
 3-your a disgusting person and i hope you realize that what your doing is so fucked up. 
 0-your a beast at deigning bro dont give up 
 0-your my just because and your a cutie 
 0-i swear uber sends me a free ride once a week! that's how you know your a valued customer 
 3-and your a bitchass nigga 
 0-wait snowy amawzng your a lot better at pet names than me i'm not being sarcastic cat back and teleports* nyee hee hee 
 0-your a boss 
 0-i scored % on christmas story" iq! what's your christmas story" iq? 
 3-u don't really care your a pittspuke fan 
 0-your a hottie 
 0-corrrr your a joke mate! 
 0-haha no xp for you your a freak getting fake proof 
 0-baby your a firework... come on and let your powers burst! make em go i, i, i stuck in my head song 
 0-your a 
 0-your a walking donation 
 0-so if you bought into that your a lets ignore the first three stumbling blocks pretend like there's some all 
 1-if you fuck a dirt ball your a dirt ball!! you fuck a bum your a bum!!! you are what you fuck so skip a bitch or a dick or 
 0-sometimes when u used says your a shadows of the past. the games i play are always related to me. idk why but i aays first before the games 
 0-at least she can sings! which is pretty important when your a singer 
 0-unseen ab/dl content is now being added to my website and can only be viewed if your a site supporter visit 
 0-your a nobody 
 0-your a picture ew 
 0-hope the people of wisconsin vote you out, your a disgrace funding planned parenthood is putting a finger in gods eye 
 0-.@harry_styles haai i know your a busy but be a kind gentleman please! it'd make me suppper 
 0-if you're the age of  and your famous facebook your a lame 
 0-your a female u would think u would have more sense and decency before blaming a kid 
 3-happy birthday desfields your a major pain in the a$$ but i 
 3-your a bitch 
 0-your a panda ew 
 0-girls talking bout marriage and your a junior in high school wtf g 
 0-ohh your a stubborn girl you are 
 0-thanks for the fun class! your a great coach. 
 3-had to make sure the definition didn't change on me. trump your a funny schlong. 
 3-so apparently i'm suppose to move from the right side of the hallway because your a princess? nash, fuck that, pay attention. 
 3-wanna surprise your friend we do it for you dm me 
 3-i don't want to watch your faggot video. blocked 
 3-oi troy sivan you faggot ass faggot fuck off spotify nobody wants to hear your faggot youth song its fucking shit like the rest of your musi 
 3-just saying your faggot ass friend had to block me because he was lying his ass off pussy 
 3-i'll try, i can replace your faggot friend that never plays the objective lmfao 
 3-bitch if your faggot ass is so popular then why do you have do to dm every person you follow to rt your lame tweets? 
 3-your faggot ass had stans hyping a lame ass comeback like your lame ass matters in stan twitter. 
 3-sjkjfdb boy bye. did you forget your faggot ass used to kik me? i know youre black with a perm and faggy clothes. 
 1-shut your faggot ass up u piece of shit! how much is paying u  post stupid tweets jerkoff 
 1-your faggot ass better stick to dancing i might break your jaw just for glancing 
 1-reminded me of your faggot ass. 
 1-i should fucking murk your faggot ass 
 1-yeah, because we could be playing a game and i can say go sit your faggot ass down somewhere and i'm not trying to gay 
 3-nobody wants to help your faggot ass 
 1-and i won't let your faggot ass forget about it 
 1-yeah fuck you and your faggot ass inbred red neck fricking no life having ass friends. in fact everybody from htown can blow me. 
 3-bitch nigga always ina  at your fucking grandma house laying down w your faggot never wanna go nowhere ass 
 3-im so mean but fuck man its all the time that i hear her say faggot music" like dude... i listen to different genres pls stop 
 1-but your faggot ass pluck your eyebrows and bleach your skin..nigga stfu! 
 1-mother fucking bigot. take your faggot ass somewhere else 
 3-sister appreciation post cuz i love you and wish it was the weekend, so i could see your faggot ass. 
 1-faggot shut up, she was the group. she had your faggot ass hiding in your room with a t shirt on your head singing 
 3-ain't nothing bitter bout me you dick riding bitch ass nigga. you mad cause i exposed your faggot ass. 
 3-bring your faggot ass back 
 3-you piece of shit. i stepped on dog puke last night cause your faggot ass was feeding that fag fries 
 1-lmfao yeah.. i'm ugly.. i'm sure you wanna suck my dick with your faggot ass 
 3-or are you just cucking for black sick in your faggot mouth? 
 1-nah you rather the team go  so your faggot ass can bitch about jay and kirk for the whole offseason 
 3-shut your faggot ass up 
 3-faggot. i just need you the god of roasting to block me one time 
 1-/ are gb so you are basically playing us your faggot 
 3-nobody mentioned you bitch take your faggot with you and go get some clue! 
 1-go on follow what your faggot friend tells ya. 
 3-wanna surprise your friend we do it for you dm me 
 3-cause like what's the chances of your faggot ass talking about a 
 1-if you dont get your faggot ass somewhere 
 3-your faggot ass wouldnt be able carti faster that's all he ain't not damn hands 
 3-i'm your faggot 
 1-i don't give a fuck, you must be delusional to think people would give money for your faggot ass to get a computer 
 1-we don't got no love for you rappin' ass there pistol tell them strip, with your faggot ass nigga 
 1-then why are you even crying about your faggot friend when it's so easy? 
 3-i will knock your faggot ass out if you don't fucking unblock me. someone quote this 
 1-my tl is so much nicer since i muted your faggot ass. 
 3-tell your faggot over there to let summit stream 
 1-stop sending me your faggot vaping snapchat videos 
 3-i don't like my own tweets or post pics your faggot ass boyfriend on my twitter 
 1-i'll make a girl beat your faggot ass up 
 3-bro your faggot if you don't give me ride bro 
 3-i get shot in the back and why are you getting in my mentions. get outta here with your faggot emojis 
 1-fyi, my butt is fine. it doesn't hurt like your faggot ass 
 1-amazing, keep giving me your nigger cock make 
 3-that's just your nigger sweat. 
 1-thus you dumbcunts and your nigger are  percent in the wrong. 
 3-publically misidentified with your nigger. thus it's all speaking in public to public figures. 
 1-yet you was born in a chicken box in commemoration of your nigger of a dad 
 3-shut your nigger mouth, nigger!! day in prison... 
 3-conversation going on ko what will you do if your nigger dated your ex? 
 1-shut your nigger ass up 
 3-what about your nigger friends? 
 1-talk to god and ask him to help your nigger ass find your 
 3-but he aint your nigger tho why you mad 
 3-don't get me fucking started on  y/o tamir rice. i mean, i know he was a child, but that's what happens when your nigger ass is a nigger. 
 1-hmmmm you make your nigger jokes too? 
 1-girl i'm not your man i'm your nigger 
 3-you sleep now since darnell not your nomore" gtf mikayla 
 3-if u do mvm with dane i want to med for u. also on stream everyone saw your nigger message. it was p fun. 
 3-i'm that nigger that's your nigger even when u got a nigger... 
 3-get your nigger ass off of social media. 
 1-white people dont want your nigger music anyway 
 3-go back to hanging out with your nigger friends 
 1-wanna get your nigger ass online 
 1-no he doesnt wanna play you because he said you're a pussy and wont let him host but he has to play on your nigger host 
 1-get off twitter your nigger and reply 
 1-you can share a banana with your nigger friend in the stable 
 3-today your nigger is feelin woozy no poll for today and have some fun in the snow 
 3-is that you? my god where's your nigger loving wife ya son of a bitch haha how's it going?" 
 3-no one wants your nigger faggot blood anyway 
 1-what bitch??? i din't think so perv,, keep your nigger ass out of 
 1-i want your nigger follow!!! 
 3-private property and they don't need your nigger antics there 
 3-don't post your nigger shut here 
 3-your nigger in a dress izolo 
 3-yew better cuff your nigger it's 
 3-i wanna jerk of your nigger cocks until your balls cum on a bunch of titties. so that when you think of the washington redskins... 
 1-okay, so it's : am on dec st and i am officially done with you and your nigger shenanigans. 
 3-if this is the case then maybe i want your nigger 
 1-let me guess, your nigger tweet was just jokes? 
 1-fix your nigger net i need to win my lunch money 
 1-your spanish is fucking horrendous, stick to your nigger language 
 3-you mind your nigger lips, boy!" lmfaooooo 
 1-human rights kiss my ass loser fuck your nigger! 
 3-when bae starts asking questions but your nigger covers for you 
 3-off your nigger music" it's suicideboys? 
 3-chill bruh before i smack your nigger ass. 
 1-your nigger loving wife is smoking hott. great body for 
 1-i know your nigger coon ass did not just block me 
 1-go pick some cotton with your nigger brothers you coon 
 1-this time one year ago i was shagging your nigger mom but i told her to fuck off like afc should do with wenger 
 3-me: white people cant dance white person: but if i said your nigger father left you as a kid to sell drugs for welfare that'd be racist 
 1-i'm gonna put your nigger family on a farm and whoop the fuck out of all you  by one 
 3-on this day last year a bitch made ass nigga broke my phone 
 1-that's what you call a bitch made nigga 
 3-he not even hood. he a bitch made nigga 
 3-learned to expect bitch made shit from a bitch made nigga 
 3-if you gone talk down talk down on some real shit you making things up as you go tho lol like a bitch made nigga would do. 
 3-that's not a nigga" that's a bitch made nigga w a temper ain't shit hood about hittin a female 
 3-you still hitting females ma nigga on the set you a bitch made nigga. coward ass insecure ass mfvckin phony! im sure all them be broke af 
 1-fuck chris at the walmart off of pleasant grove he's a bitch made nigga who prolly dont suck the toes 
 1-cuz you a bitch made nigga 
 3-if you ever put your hands on a female your a perfect example of a made ass nigga" frfr. 
 3-a bitch made brownies 
 1-jeremiah luafulu such a bitch made nigga man. he said to bring my niggas, they comin. 
 1-and you really a bitch made ass nigga if you subbing a female but 
 3-you a bitch made nigga if you put down your girl or lay a finger on her with a negative intention and jus know i'm plottin on you fuckboy 
 3-i'm a bitch made nigga 
 3-a not a bitch made... the way you worded it was weird 
 3-that man is a bitch made punk 
 3-can't stand a bitch made nigga who be sneak dissin. 
 3-lot of you niggas is sons of a bitch made 
 3-he wanna disrespect my girl and shit but don't wanna view me definition of a bitch made migga 
 3-bruh you is a bitch made ass nigga like bruh you act just like a fucking bitch 
 1-he's a bitch made nigga with a period pussy 
 3-this is a bitch made motherfucker, he had his friend record it which is fucked up this shit makes me 
 1-like it really pisses me off every time. he's a bitch made nigga that's all there is to it 
 1-this is ain't no street nigga this a bitch made nigga 
 3-i hate a bitch made nigga 
 3-wtf he a bitch made nigga for that. 
 3-u know he's a bitch made dude ) cuz he's hitting a female. ) none of them punches even phased her. smh. 
 3-. he's a bitch made nigha . he's a bitch made nigha! 
 3-thats a bitch made nigga. 
 3-that's a bitch made move 
 3-he a bitch made nigga 
 3-give me a few months, i'll finally be able to accomplish what i started before a bitch made nigga came in the way 
 3-he's such a bitch made nigga. his music 
 3-y'all kno al. nigga from new orleans. that's a bitch made nigga. 
 3-that's a bitch made nigga, not a hood nigga. 
 3-this ain't a hood nigga this a bitch made nigga 
 3-most men become dogs because a bitch made us this way. 
 1-hate a bitch made nigga 
 3-only a bitch made nigga does this shit 
 3-a bitch made nigga 
 3-last time a bitch made nigga like him laid hands on me he was soaked in his own blood. ladies, defend yourselves. 
 3-wtf so disgusting why would she even fuck w a bitch made foo like that 
 3-you a bitch made nigga if you lay hands on a female and she's not threatening your life in any way. 
 3-you a bitch made nigga for certain i'm a god in a world full of serpents only take a nigga life on purpose!!! 
 3-what a bitch made motherfucker 
 1-ever seen a bitch made ass 
 3-what a bitch made ass nigga, foreal tho 
 1-you're a bitch made ass nigga you ain't shit you never will be shit. you mean nothing in this world you are trash. 
 1-a lot of you niggaz is son of a bitch made 
 3-might stand outside with a fag and shake my head at anyone who looks drunk. they'll have a shite christmas" i'll say under my breath 
 3-love when people say irrelevant things and think it's funny, like no you're a fag and i'll punch you in your fat fucking face 
 3-when i have to go outside for a fag and it's this cold i really start to question why i keep smoking 
 1-yes exactly i thought the same but obvs not but yeah he called the of acc" a fag and now i'm even more mad 
 3-i need a fag and a coffee 
 1-u a fag and u cant read smh life must b hard. 
 3-true! it's been bastardized by some. once meant cigarette. but say you'll a fag" and see wt hpns 
 1-call me a fag and i spit on you. plain and simple. then your nothing, no more reactions from me i walk away and allow you to do no more 
 3-she was like omg what a fag and laughed 
 3-larry o'donnel is a fag and any obama supporter is an enemy. 
 3-some guy left mid heist and we had to restart and get a new player i called him a fag and i get banned for a week seems fair 
 3-you called me a fag and stomped on someone's papers?!?!?! 
 0-good morning vapers up and vape up) carm and vape on) no to a fag and say yes to a vape) 
 1-he's a fag and i dont even have him 
 3-sat up at :am and all i want is a fag and a large glass of 
 3-i lost  to rapid fire not gums kill in a v snd... you said you were a fag and got dominated on your host 
 3-just admit that you and your meathead friends think it's to call someone a and this hits close to him. grow up. 
 1-yas yas yas! acting like you're the biggest jb fan when you called him a fag and a girl 
 3-raymond is such a fag and it kills me. 
 0-well kelsey fell so i came for a fag and started drink with daddy steve v 
 3-i messaged my brother on the th december asking if he had a fag and he only just replied to me 
 3-god is a fag and god hates fags... does god hates hisselfs?" 
 0-oh how i would love to have a fag and make a cup of tea but rn its a no to moving from me 
 3-they were calling him a fag and he couldn't handle the truth. he wanted to handle norman's black bat tho 
 0-dis is what you do in your spare time init? light a fag and take pics like this 
 3-you talk like a fag and your shits all retarded. 
 1-he a fag and cbc are losers. i never watch anything in cbc. 
 0-jheeez went out for a fag and next door giving it the big one. 
 3-is a fag and baits people to get kills what a fag 
 0-well back the hotel the bf has passed again! gonna have a few cans a fag and get to bed! 
 1-moe was acting like a fag and not wanting to run down on broads 
 3-you're a fag and like  artist 
 3-seems ages since i've done the warmup' have a fag and sing bieber and d 
 3-love that movie. you're fucked up, you talk like a fag and your shits all retarded 
 1-a fag and a loser or a fag loser? keep being a keyboard gangster with your th grade insults sittin in a basement in wilmette 
 3-you're a fag and you get no views skid get out of here 
 3-yes, but you don't get to mock people if they're called a and take offense. it's their choice. 
 0-just avin a fag and a cuppa with the mother whilst observing a police chase round the estate 
 0-brad's outside for a fag and texts me saying he's farted so loud and the neighbour was putting something in the bin 
 3-they called odell a fag and he got mad 
 0-you still in the debt collection business? i gave a mate a fag and he won't return the favour! 
 3-callin him a fag and shit still not ok 
 1-im a fag and i think this tweet is fucking gay and stupid ill say whatever tf i want 
 3-ayy lmao stop being a fag and let me know if you change your mind. i think cesar might go 
 1-he still a fag and retarded 
 0-wham! club tropicana in a winter wonderland?! having a fag and mulled cider! typically british! 
 1-stop spreading misinformation just cause ur a fag and cant reproduce 
 1-everyone above me is a fag and will get aids, or another butt cyst 
 3-i think he's telling us you look like a fag and no one can believe you're married to a female 
 3-awww poor odell beckham, the panthers called him a fag and told him he was a spoiled child. everyone should feel bad for odell 
 3-lmao youre calling me a fag but look at your icon 
 3-ha i was about to text tez like roll me up a fag but we have ciggs so eat my ass roll ups 
 3-yea your a fag, but your my fag.. jk, wish i had a girl 
 3-i look like a fag but hey at least i can see the lines when i'm driving at night now 
 3-you're still a fag. but you're my fag friend. i shall call you bitchman 
 3-tbh you're a fag! but i guess you're chill and cute you fucker you're funny af and you're a fag 
 3-such a fag but my fag. so glad to have you babe, love you more than life itself, dying w/o u rn 
 3-you a fag but one of my best friends and fool why didn't you hook it up with in n out that one night smfh 
 0-wantin to go for a fag but can't be arsed with moving debating since i'm home for christmas if me maw will mind smoking out the window 
 3-jeremy is a fag but that's hysterical 
 3-such a fag but ok 
 3-was gonna go for a fag but i can hear some radge outside my house shouting his lungs out, perhaps no 
 3-i swear not a fag but i want one tho! if i get some....lord knows 
 3-don't wanna have a fag but my shisha pen ent working 
 3-feel bad for no getting dylan for a fag but it's too much effort to move 
 3-i need a pee and a fag but i'm obsessed with girls aloud otr 
 3-happy birthday big dog. your still a fag. but i love you. hope it's a good one! 
 0-sailing is the only sport you can be succesful at internationally while sat down drinking and having a fag, but saying that wine 
 0-im outside having a fag but i can't remember where it is 
 1-you're a fag... but i won't say it to you're face causeeee twitter is more productive 
 1-when ur mama yells at u for callin a fag but he can call me train tracks 
 0-harry just ate a fag but off the floor 
 3-lol yea he a fag but the song bumps 
 0-is it bad that i've just had a fag but i want another one 
 3-thanks u still a fag but u made my night so ty ulit. 
 3-dying for a fag but there's no chance i can be arsed to go downstairs and listen to my dad give me shit 
 3-you're such a fag but i love you too 
 3-you may be a fag but brand new is the shit. fav album and top  songs? degausser tho 
 3-i told him you weren't a fag... but my dad doesn't listen to me much 
 3-you're a loser and a fag but i love you. i miss you and we need to hang out again and watch the stars again too. ft me soon loser 
 3-don't argue with him. he called me a fag, but is hiding behind an avi header that's not of him, lol. next. 
 3-ur a fag but we should chill soon 
 3-ian you sound like a fag but carti bodied that nigga 
 1-there's also a fag but you can give his story a reactionary interpretation easily. 
 1-he's a fag but at least he's not a douche tbh 
 3-so it's cool for them to threaten him and call him a fag, but when he retaliated he was wrong? 
 3-and ur a fag but i didn't say anything.. 
 3-i want a fag but i'm % sure there's a man living in the bush outside my house but he's only about at night. when the street lamps are off 
 3-you're such a fag but ya my fag lol i love you man nomatter what ya stuck with me big zaddy 
 3-lmaoo and your receiver still can't find out what a catch is. lol he's a fag but you fuck with greg? 
 0-for a but? coming out for a fag but 
 3-can't sleep i need a fag but it's pissing it down. go me 
 0-dying for a fag but being too comfy in bed is a killer 
 3-young thug can be a fag but he keeps it 
 0-ever feel like you need a fag but then you remember you don't smoke? 
 3-still don't think norman should've called obj a fag... but obj laid a dirty hit on him 
 1-true friendship is when you can flick a fag but at mate and him expect it 
 3-only i could get fined for dropping a fag but on the 
 3-i wanna go out for a fag but i cba to make up some excuse to go out 
 3-ctg is a fag but this tweet is real 
 3-i think i'm just gonna be a faggot and eat mall food idc that shit was fuego 
 3-i had a dream mrs whitt called me a faggot and then gave me a stray cat i was not upset 
 3-if i come to ur city and u don't fuck me just because my coochie is hairy ur a faggot and a pedophile 
 1-this guy is suchhhh a faggot and i just won't unfollow!!!! he piss me offfff lol. with his light skin ass faces 
 3-stop being such a faggot and gimme that stash of vodka you've hidden in your bra. 
 3-because he's a faggot and they aren't. 
 3-stop being a faggot and unblock me petey benwah afro ass egg. 
 3-young thug a faggot and so are his fans 
 3-dunno whether to be a faggot and go home at  or go out on the piss 
 3-nah i need to finish the easter egg, after i call him a faggot and make him kill himself whats next 
 1-a man who is a chatty patty is a faggot and its a lot of you faggots in champaign 
 1-quit being a faggot and open up the game! 
 1- was the year i realized everyone is a faggot and to only care about myself pretty good year 
 3-stop making shitty songs with u yelling like a faggot and make more songs like that verse u did in martians vs goblins, shitsdope 
 3-well you're a faggot and actor can go both ways so i put  and  together 
 3-man all you do on here is call people a faggot and tell people to kys.you must have a fun life. 
 1-you're a faggot and your waifu is shit 
 3-nvm guys don't go check out livestream he's a faggot and he banned me for no reason. what a great streamer 
 3-you're a faggot and you shouldn't report me. 
 3-idc he's a faggot and my man cpo a goon and lost a arm and still bangin 
 1-when u make ur cod twitter ur only twitter bc ur a faggot and dont have irl friends 
 1-abby's a faggot and can get hit by a bus... 
 3-he's literally a faggot and got mad because they called him one untag 
 1-cause ur a faggot and he knew queers like you would use it 
 3-nobody is about to call me a bitch or a faggot and think it's all gravy. it's gonna be problems. 
 1-sans is a faggot and sucks flowey's dick 
 3-if you would wear this you a faggot and your son will be gay like you 
 3-fred, your a faggot and no one agrees with you. you both are scum. 
 3-odell got called a faggot and became a mental midget. bottom line, it's the nfl shit gets talked.... 
 1-shut up. i'll call out whatever faggots i want to call out. you are probably a faggot, and you have faggot friends. 
 1-u fucking a faggot and you go to a community college bitch thats two l's 
 3-wen landlord will stop being a faggot and probably toby 
 3-twistvh great fucking dude, you're a faggot and ily 
 3-obj needs butters to filter the hateful comments like players calling him a faggot and making fun of his hair 
 1-because you're a faggot and a squaker... 
 1-if you snipe in black ops  your a faggot and i fucking hate you 
 3-so, if i take pictures like a faggot and say pointless abstract things you'll give me attention? no thanks. i'm not desperate or seeking 
 3-madden call him a faggot and thats what set laettner off. when the fans got word of it thats when they started chanting 
 3-no he was bugging bc a bunch of dudes with bats called him a faggot and said im gonna end your career 
 1-must be a great tf player. call him a faggot and say counter strike is better. they hate that 
 1-beckam lost his cool vs the panthers cuz they was calling him a faggot and rumors say he bi lol 
 1-so, i get itsomebody calls me a faggot and i get to take a running start and spear him with my helmet...#justwords grow up 
 3-no, i blocked you because i requested nicely that you stop acting like a faggot, and you refused. piss. 
 3-you a faggot and ya ol lady a magget 
 3-said he called odell a faggot and pointed a bat at him 
 3-dude on the panthers called odell a faggot and that he was gonna end his career while toting a baseball bat..normal 
 3-if you're on the field someone calls you a faggot and says they'll end your career you'd freak out 
 3-you don't point it at other people call them a faggot and say im gonna end your career bro 
 1-haha see what i did there now your a faggot and a herb 
 1-you're a faggot and so you is your son 
 3-epps a faggot for blocking that's gay 
 3-epps a faggot for blocking me 
 3-when just you think it's okay to leave her, then later you cried out loud like a faggot for the very same reason. 
 3-looking forward to my family coming home and daan calling me a faggot for wearing nailpolish and then mom asking what a faggot is 
 1-emiliana called me a faggot for wearing my ugly sweater 
 1-troy is a faggot for real tho 
 1-if you could not be a faggot for like, ever. that'd be awesome. 
 3-mannnnn helllll nah, he a faggot for that. she fucking him. wtf 
 3-understandable, now i feel like a faggot for doing that 
 1-so i was bout  call this guy a faggot for postin some shit like that but he already had me blocked smh 
 3-this is what happens when half the panthers team calls him a faggot for an entire game 
 3-i used to get called a faggot for wearing jogger pants my freshman year 
 1-he's a faggot for hitting her..them hits didn't even hurt i would of finished my bun then made him some grits 
 1-i don't wanna be a faggot for a day. i don't wanna life the fake and bullshit way 
 3-oh really so your saying im a faggot for going there and thats why i should join your 
 3-dude you are such a faggot for retweeting that 
 3-niggas on twitter will call u a faggot for taking money from your girl. shit prolly weird to a lot of y'all 
 1-so i got called a faggot for the first time in public today.......by a group of  year old 
 1-lmaoooo odell cried cause they called him a faggot for dancing 
 3-my  year old neighbor just yelled at garrett and called him a faggot for no reason.... so 
 3-you are a faggot for getting rid of it and i hope yo ug et riddled with piccolo 
 1-still can't believe a lawyer just called me a faggot for speaking up about 
 1-he a faggot for wasting all that food. 
 3-russell wilson a faggot for not fucking ciara yet.... talking all that church bs nigga everybody at the church fucking they just fakin 
 3-this nigga a faggot for this and his punches aint do shit to the girl 
 1-if you could not be a faggot for like, ever. that'd be awesome. 
 3-before heath ledger died everyone acted like he was a faggot for brokeback mountain, i guess bein the joker made him cooler 
 3-i remember when shittalky called a dude a faggot for going easy on him during a roastin session because his uncle died 
 3-cam a faggot for sapping that nigga. i can't be cool w a nigga beefin w my teammates 
 3-even though the guy was a faggot for harassing her friend, it still doesn't mean she was in the right either, which sucks overall 
 3-yea son is a faggot for that 
 3-i'm a faggot for laura 
 3-does it make me a faggot for getting really happy about? 
 1-brittany a faggot for real. 
 3-you're a faggot for this lmao i luh you doe 
 3-you're a faggot for this 
 3-ra'shad a faggot for searching his name 
 1-i'm two tweets in and i've already been called a faggot for using the term 
 3-why did hannah walker's brother call louis a faggot for cheating on hannah with a guy 
 3-just got called a faggot for not liking star wars? 
 3-need feminism because my dad keeps calling me a faggot for stealing my sister's cateye glasses" 
 1-a faggot for tweeting this gay shit 
 3-bruce banner still a faggot for what happened in age of ultron. black widow throwing the pussy at him and he decides to go into hiding 
 3-so im a faggot for replying fast? that makes sense 
 3-i feel like a faggot for listening to this but who cares in the current year 
 1-omg your friend is such a faggot for banning people in tc earlier, seriously you don't need fuckheads like that in your life 
 3-a faggot for that 
 1-you're a faggot for blocking me and i've never even spoken to you dick head 
 1-harry styles, he's a fucking queer 
 1-wow what a fucking queer 
 3-chey is a fucking but i still love you. 
 1-is a fucking queer 
 1-yeah you left cuz you're a fucking queer i probably will just can't get too faded this time 
 3-i'm such a fucking queer wtf 
 1-justin bieber should just stay making repetitive ass radio music instead of collaborating with travis scott. i swear he's a fucking queer 
 3-what a fucking queer! 
 1-oh i wish that'll happen. such a fucking queer. 
 1-what a fucking queer 
 3-i just felt like my life was going really well and then kylo ren took his mask off and cried like a fucking queer. 
 1-ur a fucking queer 
 1-you are such a fucking queer 
 1-acting like a fucking queer. 
 1-if his name starts with an n hes a fucking queer 
 1-wow i am so blown away what a fucking queer lmao 
 3-your such a fucking queer but i love you, your number  fan me deadpool 
 1-pm] matty: black people are nice people pm] matty: but cam newton is a fucking queer 
 1-you're such a fucking queer holy fuck 
 3-ur a fucking queer 
 1-what a fucking queer 
 3-god you're a fucking queer 
 1-youre a fucking queer 
 1-lol real name or not it's still a fucking queer name. 
 3-don't care if i'm a fucking queer" 
 3-my dad just took my car to get new tyres for me, he must have looked a fucking queer handing over the keys with all my princess keyrings 
 1-you're a fucking queer 
 3-yeah toxic momba you're a fucking queer 
 1-you're a fucking queer 
 1-just said cause when you're a snowboarder you can't have friends cause you're a fucking queer 
 3-i'm a fucking queer 
 1-such a fucking queer. 
 3-what a fucking queer 
 1-ur a fucking queer 
 3-your kids will disown you for being a fucking queer mate 
 3-obj a fucking queer 
 3-what a fucking 
 3-your friend is a fucking queer 
 1-ur a fucking queer 
 1-you are a fucking queer. jump off a cliff. 
 1-like seriously this kid is a fucking queer ass pleb. 
 3-is a fucking queer" says my openly gay cousin 
 3-david is a fucking queer 
 3-harden is such a fucking queer 
 3-guys it screams a fucking queer" if you have a tire cover on ur jeep. 
 3-nice to meet you ethan, stop being a fucking queer 
 3-scar is a fucking queer coded communist 
 3-my life is fucking amazing. your just a fucking queer 
 3-god do i look like a fucking queer 
 3-he insults people but you say something that isnt directed at anyone and turn into a fucking queer 
 0-i've never had a problem with his babyma she even got me a job at her job before but i was still at bosch so... 
 0-i'm saying those are papers. show me numbers, that couldn't get a job at nasa or noaa 
 3-the paparazzis should just go fucking get a job at mcdonalds selling them burgers. instead of invading the boys privacy 
 0-at  i watched michael douglas, richard gere, etc wanted to be their characters got a job at . during h.s. i had thousands 
 0-indirectly applying for a job at ? 
 3-the paparazzis should just go fucking get a job at mcdonalds selling them burgers. instead of invading the boys privacy 
 0-can't get a job at a sam's club, white dude? lucky for you there are a million other places that are ready to hire u 
 0-ok i mean i rather not have a job at all than be working at mcdonalds or leave me alone i have everything i need byeeeee 
 0-all i want for christmas is a job at buzzfeed 
 0-you could get a job at as copy editor! 
 0-i want a job at that new jordan store 
 0-getting a job at bama and leaving after the season is over isn't quitting in my book 
 3-you can have a job at  so you aren't a damn child anymore. people act like  year olds cant think for themselves 
 0-getting introduced for a job at the other company aswell 
 0-i need a job at a nursing home 
 0-the team shared interview tips for students on how to get a job at 
 0-the movie tavern is usually hiring but given how awesome your hair is, i think you could snag a job at sally's 
 1-sketch the obama daughters as chained monkeys, and getting a job at auto bell would be the least of your worries. 
 0-dunno...get a job at a liquor store? 
 0-i forgot i applied for a job at the department of energy/netl for shits and gigs but i did and guess who made it past the first cut. 
 0-the same: still recycling cans to pay higher property taxes. can't buy a job at . 
 3-people don't just steal shoes off your feet for a living. get a job at mcdonalds you bum fuck. 
 0-omg was it hard getting a job at vs??? 
 0-how to become a celebrity journalist: you can now interview movie, tv and sports stars, get a job at a magazine 
 0-my roommate got a job at houston's 
 3-i can get any nigga a job at the work or get a nigga a sweet lick on the just call me the 
 0-i'm thinking about applying for a job at a spot like howard theater or : club 
 3-every girl that comes home from college gets a job at the mall....i've been trying to work at the mall nigga 
 0-are you looking for a job at stockton? well don't miss your chance to work in the office of student development! 
 0-what do you need to know to get a job at a helpdesk, service desk or call centre? this: 
 0-i'm so thankful i don't have a job at 
 0-get me a job at the airport lol 
 0-al only have  tins on the way to city if big sam wants me to do a job at the back with jos on boxing day like. 
 0-when you show up to a job at am with a beat face, ain't no hiding you went to bed at am. 
 0-i'm all for hyperbole, but enough. we aren't all media graduates desperately trying to get a job at buzzfeed. shut up. 
 0-congratulations to sydney freedberg for landing a job at american bridge. you'll be great there. 
 3-basically got my bro a job at gnc unless he fucks up the interview 
 0-her ability to destroy strawmen is what got her a job at the nyt. 
 0-haha get a job at any mall. they have been blasting that ish for months 
 0-try and get a job at costco. they'd love people like you and working sunday's are optional and pay more 
 0-i applied for a job at i hope it doesn't effect one day having my face on the side of a bus. 
 0-are right. if we want guy boucher, he got to get himself a job at before. that's the requirement to become head coach. 
 0-you should apply for a job at spell check 
 0-how i landed a job at product hunt via 
 0-apply for a at our cool many positions available. check 
 0-meanwhile, manuel pellegrini is waiting for someone to tell him he won't have a job at city next season. 
 0-get a job at vice already 
 0-moments like now is when i wish i had a job at a place where i don't have to move around 
 0-just been given a job at rd&amp;e as a registered nurse for when i qualify in september! merry christmas 
 0-ooo what about a job at the public library? that'd be chill 
 3-if a nigga ask to fuck you in the ass.... he like ass bc ass is ass man or woman 
 3-when a nigga ask what can you bring to the table but flip that shit and let it be known you brought the table 
 3-i want a type of girl that if a nigga ask for her kik on insta she goin tag me n that real quick 
 3-me when i get my direct deposit and a nigga ask for gas money 
 1-these news fucks will respond to frivolous responses from melanin recessive but let a nigga ask u a formal question they ignore 
 3-when a nigga ask to chill 
 3-when a nigga ask for nudes 
 3-i just hope a nigga ask me to use my clippers before they use em 
 3-i just hope a nigga ask me to use my clippers before they use em 
 3-i was once told if a nigga ask to do anal more then / times he's gay 
 3-yall still believing that going to look for a job" when a nigga ask for your car keys? that's like one of the top lies in niggadom.. 
 3-trina flow, working on my abs legs so a nigga ask yo real name" i tell him da baddest bitch" 
 3-you take half naked pictures but get mad when a nigga ask to fuck 
 3-good vibe and good sex is all a nigga ask for 
 3-i feel if you're a thot you don't have the right to say no if a nigga ask to bun. it should always be yes. 
 1-these hoes be half naked in pictures but be mad when a nigga ask for some nudes lmao 
 3-i don't understand how you can do anything a nigga ask you to do and they don't understand that you love them 
 3-i hate when a nigga ask me if i smoke and when i say no they ask not?" ummmm cuz i don't want to. 
 3-a nigga ask me what size my mikes was? bitch try somebody else won't take shit off me 
 3-i hate when a nigga ask..."do you miss me?"...ummm no who text who first? 
 3-all a nigga ask for 
 3-when a nigga ask you to chill like bye 
 3-when a nigga ask you why you tripping but when you do the same shit he start tripping 
 3-just treat me w/ respect, that's all a nigga ask 
 3-had a nigga ask me what im getting him for christmas of all im not santa clause you not my man 
 3-bitch you give instagram  pics a day but if a nigga ask for one its a problem 
 3-if a nigga ask you to match then bitch you just a hoe lol 
 3-when a nigga ask you to send nudes in the dm 
 3-i seriously had a nigga ask me to pretend to be his girlfriend for christmas for his family 
 3-if a nigga ask u for money he broke 
 3-when u switch it up on a nigga ask for pictures 
 3-ain't nothing worse than a nigga ask in a female for some oral sex and ain't shaved btw his legs like gtfoh 
 3-a nigga ask you if you play w your pussy you gonna lie or tell the truth lol 
 1-lol was a real life creep. i used to be competing with grown niggas until i told shorty's he a 
 0-if only decided to not be a real life outlaw, he'd be part of this again 
 3-she's a real life girl in this fucked up world and i suggest you call her the one disposable world full of throwaway girls 
 0-customer service be like: to talk to another voice recording press , to talk to a real life human being press 
 0-i do look at my bio xd a real life yandere 
 0-how to become a real life santa claus: how to become a real life santa claus 
 0-a real life nathan scott 
 0-i honestly don't know if katie hopkins is serious or a reallife troll 
 0-my mom is a real life elf making cookies now. 
 0-i saw a real life news anchor cringe at the taste of a drink bartended by a sad person that is mad that json won 
 3-i'm a real life loner like i dead ass don't fuck with no body 
 0-there is a real life mini bb droid and i need it more than anything 
 0-steph curry gives klay thompson a reallife boost, but hurts him in fantasy. so who's the real top shooting guard? 
 0-i will someday be a real life walking taco 
 0-ranveer singh has been a real life kashibai 
 0-haz look it's a real life dogdog 
 0-bruh. alaskan bush people is a real life  brides for  brothers. except there's  of them.... 
 0-how to become a real life santa claus 
 0-there's a real life beauty' in england, who dozes for  weeks at a time. 
 0-you ever find out your friend was a real life floozy? and you was shocked at the stories 
 0-nice! i'm seeing star wars on the birthday of georges guynemer. fitting, he was a real life poe dameron via 
 0-ollielocke omg isn't that a real life version of eric from the little mermaid? x 
 0-tasha smith is living a real life tyler perry movie. her marriage was annulled. read her shocking story here: 
 0-how to become a real life santa claus 
 0-at least he got to dress up like a reallife soldier at his big, bad rich kiddie military school. 
 0-i swear ariana is a real life barbie 
 0-i need a real life tarzan 
 0-jeon jungkook is a real life meme. that's it 
 0-pretty sure the yo is convinced that the fairy" is a real life, actual thing. 
 0-a reallife trader talks about big facts so romantic: dimitri otis/getty imagesafter watching th... 
 0-a reallife trader talks about big facts so romantic 
 0-the love of my life is a real life aaron sorkin character, i know it. 
 0-ollielocke omg isn't that a real life version of eric from the little mermaid? x 
 0-there was actually a reallife professor snape via 
 0-how to have interesting dinner party chat this christmas from a reallife qi elf 
 0-like this isn't a thing i need a real life example 
 0-omg isn't that a real life version of eric from the little mermaid? x 
 0-like a real life mean person could make you cry right now 
 0-you won't be sorry! it is basically a real life law and order series. i am hooked. 
 0-a real life style. 
 0-that's like calling an albino a white person just based off their skin color, if their black. it's a gray area. 
 0-whenever i see a white person with i just know they got mold all in that mess. 
 0-christmas is in  days and i can walk outside with shorts on and not feel like a white person 
 0-never said it was a white person's fault. i am saying that when systems of oppression are at work... 
 0-i don't see anything wrong with a white person wanting dreads so why y'all so mad about 
 0-u know how on product packaging theres usually a white person enjoying the product i kinda wanna do a project where its qpoc instead 
 0-and you must be a white person. just a guess. good day. 
 0-the last pic is a white person 
 1-tf... a white person that owns a store calls us nigger... u still shopping there? 
 0-why should a racial slur offend you a white person). don't try and change the way we were 
 0-sure whites def be tweakin but it's a white person u don't know yet who'd kill somebody for u 
 0-i'm in gym class and this girl is explaining to me how calling a white person white is being racist. i'm bout to go awf 
 0-as a white person i am like so offended you say happy holidays instead of merry christmas omg 
 0-gostei de um de showering more than once a day is a white person thing ft. david so 
 0-obama rushes to judge when a white person commits a horrific crime. still waiting for comment on vegas hit and run! 
 0-because it was a white person it won't raise ratings got to be nonwhite to make the news 
 0-i can't deny it. i am a white person who likes 
 0-y'all act like you've never seen a white person before 
 0-that doesn't make any sense.if u call a black person a monkey it's offensive. if u call a white person it's not. 
 0-i am a white person against trump: white people need to stop laughing and start taking... 
 0-what hypocrisy, you equate a black person prasing apartheid the same as a white person? 
 0-black murders never get solved but when a white person is killed they go to the end of the earth to find the killer 
 1-then oomf who is black or mixed w/ black commented if a white person reads this????". i don't hate all whites. just the racist ones. 
 0-a whites friend of mine is talking about how bad it is that a white person is talking over latinos by only taking one side. 
 0-i'm more threatened by a white person doing a mass shooting than a white person killing another white for blatant disrespect 
 3-you can't be a white person who does black liberation theology. leave that to black people. 
 3-hey if you want to creep out a white person? sing and old negro spiritual. that really freaks them out. 
 0-unbelievable!! every time a white person kills, they say he was a mental or not w/blk folks 
 0-. how do you know they wouldn't ask a white person these questions? where's that written? 
 3-a jew is a white person living under a stolen identity. i am a true hebrew israelite of my heavenly father yahweh. 
 0-i think everyone should do this, however i try to be aware of the power i have, and conscious of the space i take up, as a white person 
 0-a jew is a white person living under a stolen identity. i am a true hebrew israelite of my heavenly father yahweh 
 0-a jew is a white person living under a stolen identity. i am a true hebrew israelite of my heavenly father yahweh. 
 0-the best is when a white person is checking my id and then they calculate my age and go, black doesn't crack' 
 1-diana rowland, my life as a white trash zombie 
 3-i am so ready for a white trash christmas only white christmas we will have this year. 
 0-i feel like a white trash princess 
 3-just googled music...i was expecting a white trash porn video to pop up...it did. it was erika jayne music video 
 3-it just aint christmas without white trash....tell em bob i'm dreamin' of a white trash christmas we'll... 
 3-nothing makes me feel back in high school like a white trash bonfire 
 1-yeah i know im sorry ive been dragged by my mexican friends numerous times this is a white trash case of dilla 
 3-someone just said to me like a white trash chess move" now, i'm not all that stupid, but wtaf does that mean. 
 1-just a white trash nigga" 
 0-giving white elephant gifts is really easy when you're a white trash hoarder because literally anything i own would be acceptable 
 3-my grandma isn't a white trash liar and whore... but is... 
 3-a white trash wide weird world christmas greeting. 
 1-a white trash talker 
 3-a white trash pos 
 1-don't look like a white trash bitch so you're good" best compliment ever thx so much:) 
 0-it's such a white trash school 
 3-put you in a white trash bag, since you're white trash" gtg 
 3-oh yeah, your boyfriend doesn't do anything with his life cause he's a white trash piece of 
 3-i want a white trash cutie that needs a man to care for her: i am looking for a girl that doesn't have the 
 1-judging from that minivan either a white trash dude, or an aging soccer mom. 
 0-was it a white trash bag? racist! 
 3-nope. its a white trash mentality. and you should really grow up and think about what you project. at present, youre a waste 
 0-lmao made a white trash mocha at my desk haha 
 1-i believe that is what's known as a white trash s'more. 
 0-no big deal, just a white trash dad threatening his infant with a headbutt and/or a punch to the face... 
 3-we're gonna have a white trash party 
 3-like what in the hell. what a white trash piece of shit thing to do. got me heated at the mall. 
 1-is it racist to call your cat a white trash honkey? no, that's what i thought. 
 1-little brother, what a white trash school. via 
 0-i see you're still tangling with that zionist nowit who called me a white trash racist, not realizing the irony. 
 0-now thats the way to talk to a white trash trump supporter! 
 3-he likes a white trash broad. lmao 
 3- of  stars to my life as a white trash zombie by diana rowland 
 3-i'm with them on this. i've had to eat so much bad fried food, so disrespectful to me as a white trash american. 
 0-at least jesus is semitic from palestine and not a white trash from boon county,usa 
 1-rather be a red neck than a white trash piece of garbage. keep smoking cheech 
 1-if i'm a white trash, you are a wet back that's here to get what you cannot have in your country 
 3-all these fucking years, all this learning and i'm still not strong enough. 
 3-all these fucking cars here and no one wants to take me to the fucking puente!!! 
 3-i'm not used to waking up to all these fucking kids bro. i can't do it 
 3-all these fucking reshoots, it's getting out of hand. 
 3-all these fucking jobs i applied for i need to get at least one shit 
 3-fins in wrapping all these fucking gifts 
 3-all these fucking pop punkmetal bands anymore just all sound the same. generic paint by numbers garbage. they all dress/look the same. 
 3-all these fucking scratches on me 
 3-i don't only h summer because i feel like i'm melting, i hate it because all these fucking spiders appear out of nowhere and enter my house 
 3-i got all these fucking gifts i wonder who got me one. 
 3-nothing makes me happier than cold bright days and all these fucking lovely people and nice food and films and pantos. 
 3-all these fucking appointments when will this shit end!!! 
 3-all these fucking nerds in denial that rey is the definition of a mary sue because they want star wars to be empiretier again smh 
 3-all these fucking animals infront of my 
 3-with all these fucking blue trinkets being spammed good luck getting fog of war to ult out of 
 3-all these fucking kids in my house 
 3-all these fucking lab rats 
 3-reaction to all these fucking engagement announcements on facebook 
 3-i realized why i'm never at school all these fucking weirdos like why people raise they kids like this 
 3-all these fucking aa ppl on the bus making me late 
 3-no tita, wala ako boyfriend. no plans to marry. repeat x to all these fucking xmas parties. fuck you all 
 3-im sick of all these fucking dramas 
 3-look at all these fucking headcanons i will never write into an actual fic!!!!!! fuck 
 3-god what is all of this all these fucking feelings why the hell do humans reproduce and bring other humans into this confusing mess 
 3-this christmas thing is gonna be fun its literally just much shit can we fuck up this year" and at all these fucking gag gifts" 
 3-all these fucking polls retweet if you want jose fav to sack van fraud get a fucking life or is it because schools finished for x@as 
 3-how tf am i gonna shop with all these fucking people. 
 3-man what all these fucking bills bra 
 3-like i'm legit scared to have sex. all these fucking diseases are real. it's really not worth my life. 
 3-ugh i shouldn't have gone on tumblr all these fucking ep  spoilers 
 3-what's up with all these fucking ads 
 3-i took all these fucking pills and was promised sleep, yet here i am 
 3-i would smoke all these fucking cunts 
 3-wow santa is so fucking lucky he doesn't have to wrap all these fucking gifts 
 3-look at all these fucking mutuals it's not easy 
 3-i hate all these fucking apps 
 3-all these fucking connotations lmao literally just be straight up 
 3-omg all these fucking loud trucks stfu my hubby is trying to sleep!!! srsly 
 3-watching all these fucking dumb as shit youtube comment readings is a great way to spend the evening. 
 3-all these fucking problems can't let a bitch be one 
 3-i will use the grail to get rid of all these fucking worms 
 3-tl looking like a damn cba. all these fucking questions 
 3-i hate all these fucking memes 
 3-so fed up with all these fucking dogs barking at nothing at  am. 
 3-all these fucking pills he got omg 
 3-twitter not even the same no more with all these fucking ads and shit 
 3-so all these fucking adults are like yeah! snakes and shit!" so off we go 
 3-the one you want the most play all these fucking games mann fuck tht stupid shit 
 3-all these fucking ducks 
 3-tired of wrapping all these fucking presents 
 0-told my mom about this chain she is now ranting about being conflicted about santa trust and it is fascinating 
 0-i have the for christmas" song stuck in my head and it is ruining my life 
 0- new followers in the last week and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0-already heard it multiple times since it's released and it is really good! a nice funky vibe throughout the record 
 0-advent rising is quite a hidden gem, and it is on sale right now with % discount. old but gold! 
 0-i'm holding off on posting my  faves yet because i'm in the middle of rook, and it is so good. 
 0-and it is... 
 0-i haven't seen my dad and sisters in like a month and it is honestly killing me 
 0-the shortest day of the year has come gone, tomorrow is christmas eve, and it is  degrees. life is pretty good right now 
 0-if i bring samosas, you provide the tea you nbs! it's basic etiquette and it is the obvious beverage partner. not warm lassi! 
 0-if i bring samosas, you provide the tea you nbs! it's basic etiquette and it is the obvious beverage partner. not warm lassi! 
 0-now imagining papyrus with invader voice and it is perfect. 
 0-damn i messaged me through tom's fb when i was real drunk and it is so funny i called myself the greatest 
 0- new followers in the last day and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0- new follower in the last day and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0-can i just say i'm in north florida and it is weird 
 0- new followers in the last week and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0- new followers in the last day and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0-only  days and it is christmas! art by: swde. 
 0- new followers in the last day and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0- days until christmas and it is raining 
 0-attempting to listen to you guys on iheartradio and it is playing two separate feeds, fyi. 
 0-blueberries brunch loaf. and it is indeed a brunch for my niece! she just woke 
 0-every single year my mom gets me a dog calendar for christmas and it is the only thing i look forward to during the holidays 
 0-bought myself a holiday present hugo) and it is evidently coming by pack mule. hopefully, it charges quickly 
 0- new follower in the last day and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0-time is a base physical quantity. and it is si unit is second. follow send to  
 0- new followers in the last day and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0-i don't like it, the past movies are blring me) and the new one is so overhyped and it is everywhere 
 0-yes it is this good! blessed with great snow and more is falling. tracks refilled and it is going to be epic again. 
 0- new follower in the last day and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0- new follower in the last day and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0- new followers in the last week and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0-and, it is still experiencing demand destruction despite low price! go cleaner clean energy. 
 0-niall and the rest of the year and i don't think i'm going to the gym today and it is not the same thing to say i 
 0-i got my everyday goal set and it is to make you smile. 
 0-we have got the balm nude dude pallete and it is heaven 
 0-please elaborate on what it is you are disliking, there are many ways you can edit with fcpx, and it is proven to be faster. 
 0-louis is a good time with the new version is better to be the first half of the year and i love it and it is not the 
 0-retweeted rescars porsche have unveiled their new trackonly cayman gt clubsport and it is very... 
 0-retweeted rescars porsche have unveiled their new trackonly cayman gt clubsport and it is very... 
 0-my dad new car and it is a very good car to have 
 0- new followers in the last day and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0- new followers in the last day and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0-i am having issues registering a and it is upsetting me greatly, where can i get help? 
 0-if you hit me up once a year and it is to ask me for a favor i don't want you in my life. 
 0- new followers in the last day and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0-hi, i ordered something  days ago and it is still being picked, whilst something i order last night has already been completed 
 0-lol it is almost the same as midori and it is a size. still cheaper than the monologue series 
 0- new followers in the last week and it is more than just stats, i use it for growing my account! try it 
 0- foods that do absolutely nothing good for the body and should be completely avoided 
 0-he should be in the pro bowl and should be a finalist for dpoy 
 0-so excited about these customs tonight! they're both very different and should be loads of fun. 
 0-if we want to see change there are many things that can and should be done but accountability is a huge problem. 
 0-this proves obama is incompetent and should be removed from office. turkey is assisting isis to kill americans 
 0-marble block update: a giant noisy sandblasting machine is currently running on franklin street, and should be... 
 0-they're the worst, and should be publicly shamed, imo. 
 0-cadillac is fully in the game taking on the best in the business and should be regarded as such. 
 0-you need not to be around children if you think his actions are excusable and should be put to rest 
 0-can be a gamechanger for educators and should be considered in education legislation 
 0-nancy krieger via on why police violence counts and should be tallied by public health agencies. 
 3-his kids have their own agency about being in an ad and should be held as accountable? back to sweden, cuntface. 
 0-i'm trying! gotta work and should be there by am 
 0-latest euro forecast for mjo has it in phase  as of wednesday, and should be solidly in phase  around new years eve. this is a cold sign. 
 3-feminism is fucking shit and should be called a terrorist organization. 
 0-i think of pro players, youtubers, etc as entertainers. they entertain viewers and should be paid decently for it. 
 0-stop comparing myself to others and be content with myself and find what i love and should be doing in life 
 0-the idea that all films can and should be viewed critically is one of the best things i learned in college. 
 0-practice is everything. it's exciting. and should be the most competitive environment that you could possibly be in. 
 0-same can and should be said about extension of and for and energy. 
 0-agreed. he is a domestic terrorist and should be treated as such by our military. 
 0-time congress people. everyone has and should be able to use their 
 0-just read a fanfic that ended like an imperial affliction.... the freaking cliff hanger is evil and should be illegal and i have questions 
 0- year old has sex with a grown person, they're yes, but ultimately the adult is gross and should be held accountable. 
 0-tell her i'm dangerous and should be arrested asap!! 
 0-vip culture in pakistan is beyond pathetic and should be abolished! corruption is more dangerous thn terrorism. 
 0-you already sold us out and disappointed us. epic fail. i'm with franklin graham. all of you are wimps and should be voted out 
 0-text from : seamless order is on the way and should be there soon, given that you live only one block away. wow, you're lazy" 
 0-what happens every other week and should be arriving to your inbox soon? our enewsletter, the penny's worth!... 
 0-hello, your parcel is out for delivery today and should be with you by pm. thanks sarah 
 0-nba gameplay is processing, and should be up soon! next, gonna record some pes myclub gameplay and then tomorrow we'll have a christmas eve 
 0-she's a liar has been since watergate. she's a traitor and should be treated as such. 
 0-hi claire, this is out for delivery today and should be with you by pm. thanks sarah 
 0-new orleans leaders removing confederate statues are antiamerican and should be voted out of office! 
 0-we love, no more ifs, no more buts! should be what is and should be why not?" 
 0-for all you and fans. 
 3-understand that are also fucking humans and should be respected just the way you'd want to be 
 0-the house can and should be used to recruit businesses to lower alabama. don't be so shortsighted. 
 0-regardless, google will catalog all of it and should be expected to use it against you. 
 0-it's crazy how people can't accept the fact that ash is a human being too and should be able to spend time with his family 
 0-doubt' man city can sign messi, says caballero table is marked as crashed and should be repaired 
 1-this extremist organization are hindu terrorist and should be banned and thrown out of india 
 0-in doing so because they are doing work' and should be satisfied with whatever heaven points they are racking up. 
 0-ugh. poor wolf. some people are just too cruel and should be labelled as monsters. 
 0-again, it is not finalized and could change. however, it sounds like he will have asst head coaching duties and should be finalized soon. 
 0-is the tracking system down? my tracking says it will be with yodel soon but according to amazon you have it and should be here 
 0-my mom finally understands how to use fb, saw the new profile pic and said that i'm handsome like and should be a model 
 0-but if all abuse is bad and should be criminalized, jeezzz, that's incomprehensible. 
 0-is now on the website and should be in your very soon! 
 0-if you place an egg in water and it floats, don't consume it. it's bad and should be thrown away. a fresh egg will sink to the bottom. 
 0-didn't the zimmerman saga show you that halfcubans are all white in the eyes of the left? 
 3-if you're basing this off my tweet meagan fox, fergie and bianca kajlich are all white. stop chatting shit pls 
 1-im glad the unbelievably loud teenagers on this flight are all white so i can hate them. 
 3-well we can judge them because they are all white inbreed rednecks. right? 
 0-justin beiber fans on twitter are all white knights 
 0-they all kinda look the same i mean they are all white roses but i am choosing these so carefully ok 
 0-i don't really know my mom just got them for me for christmas and said they are white" my gray ones are all diff gray though.. 
 0-i think the line of criticism that new atheists are all white males appeals to her. 
 0-so if they are all white conservative christians would that bother you then? your morals need to be in check. 
 0-look that is pocket change to you guys.. i mean you are all white males aren't you? 
 3-are all white people gonna die" if someone said this about black people, all fuck hell would break loose 
 0-all feminists are feminazis" are all white and hate muslims" this is why i hate feminism 
 1-and they are all white.... i don't like white guys 
 0-thinking of just getting all white roshes but my air maxs are all white. 
 3-south dakotans can't have white privilege you dumb bitch. we are all white! 
 0-are all white people gonna die" 
 0-also notice, his crowds are all white. can't be without blacks and latinos. ain't happening. 
 0-you can dance all you want my given foolishness never stops! remember my relatives are all white anything white 
 0-and they are all white mostly males, sorry not enough to win 
 0-really interesting look at the impact of diversity at writers room level upon the work they create. 
 1-you are all white beans 
 0-let me guess.....the college students that want to ban christmas" are all white!! damn white privilege 
 0-are all white adidas superstars worth buying 
 0-and how do you k ow we are all white? bit of an assumption there. 
 0-so you notice they are all white and uneducated. 
 1-troll says gg meetups are all white dudes then an actual photo from a meetup yeah erase those minorities 
 0-they don't mention all the charities like oxfam and trocaire are all white charities helping the kids.. 
 0-in a nation that is so mixed now, how can we go to war or get involved like we are all white? without hurting our own interracial people too 
 0-also happy to see this today b/c super grumpy re: celebrating awesome female characters are all white). 
 0-just got an email from uni saying merry christmas in at least  different languages when literally % of our students are all white irish 
 0-my fav thing abt criminal minds is how accurate the criminals are.... all white men 
 0-fox boys can't handle the truth. wait, you are all white, right? 
 0-this is an original sketch by j.k. of the harry potter characters. they are all white. 
 3-i'm surprised the media doesn't do a story on disney being racist because the seven dwarfs are all white 
 0-sounds like roz wants people to lose their jobs to diversify suppliers that are all white males. supports her 
 0-sggs be like: are all white male misogynists no women in the ingustry" % of gamers are women" 
 0-they claim my ancestral grandfathers say they built mounds and were egyptians pharaohs but they are all whitenicca please 
 0-die anrtrtwoood fans are all white supremacists js 
 0-weird how everyone posting getting too sensitive just take a joke' are all white men who have absolutely no idea what theyre on about 
 0-basically there a like  black people in hp movies, and the leads are all white. now there's a play and hermione is black. 
 0-we are all white, fat fastfoodjunkies with baseball caps and baggy jeans to the bank) 
 0-sneakers that are all white,all black or all red is just freaking dope 
 0-the perpetrators are all white men appropriating either black and/or indigenousamerican cultures. 
 0-bruh jus one time.. ian never had to beg for no before bruh. are all white boys stubborn like you? 
 1-the only people who think tyga is good are all white 
 0-leave me alone im triykng to work on it they are all white they won't know 
 0-i have serious doubts that the double digits worth of supporters of trump are all white supremacists. 
 0-like we are all white, hubby and friend has a beard, some of us were wearing knitted beanies like?? how??? 
 0-funny how all of gruden's tes' are all white before adding benjamin watson. 
 1-murderers are all white" another blatant jew lie. 
 0-when reviewing analytics results, i recommend loud music with beats. dr dre, eminem, walkmen are in my rotation. suggestions? 
 0-merry christmas going to be a happy one because you are in my orbit have a blessed and merry christmas 
 0-yeah that's fine, its just i'm getting concussed and they are in my way xxx 
 0-just realized the shoes that i wanted to wear are in my 
 0-when reviewing analytics results, i recommend loud music with beats. dr dre, eminem, walkmen are in my rotation. suggestions? 
 0-he said no one has to know what we do, his hands are in my hair, his clothes are in my 
 0-web mdeither i have bladder cancer or difficulty walking upstairs my symptoms are in my head. makes sense. 
 3-both animals are in my room it's like a real mexican standoff 
 0-i'm sorry for your loss jesse you and your family are in my prayers 
 0-i'm so thankful for the humans that are in my life and for the ones that will be in the future. 
 0-are in my very soul. tormenting me" 
 0-i dislike you so much you are in my donald trump category 
 0-four of these records are in my personal top . 
 0-some of my favourite songs are in my life, eleanor rigby, lady madonna and while my guitar gently weeps, the list goes 
 0-process of... i see you...i'm excited you are in my 
 0-maybe you are million miles from me away, but you are in my heart, and there will you stay 
 0-i appreciate those people that are in my life 
 0-maybe, we don't speak the same language maybe, we don't live in the same country, but you are in my there will you 
 0-thanks huge fan you were awesome in spartacus and now you are in my fav  minutes on tv 
 0-his hands are in my hair his clothes are in my room and his voice is a familiar sound 
 0-my days and nights are spent thinking of you my dreams have come tru now that you are in my life 
 0-i hope everything is going okay, you and your family are in my 
 0-my cleaning ladies are in my house right now and i have resorted to hiding in my parents walk in closet and trying to sleep in there 
 0-neither are in my stack of borrowed movies. but i do enjoy aladdin. 
 0-they are in my stomach 
 3-the pork steak, the cake, the wine the soda fuck are in my stomach 
 0-not only are you a part of my christmas but you are in my life daily! 
 0-you are in my thermos and you have dried up and i think i'm trying to do now here is not a world not of you 
 0-you are in my journal 
 0-someones specs are in my car... 
 0-hey guys! you might know me from music.ly or insta. i love all my fans and follow me on music.ly and insta. usernames are in my bio! love ya 
 0-you are in my thoughts. hoping things get better. happy holidays to you mer... 
 0-i'm so sorry you're in so much pain! you are in my thoughts, nothing but positive vibes coming your way! 
 0-neither of my check are in my account 
 0-the number of people that are in my office:  me) the chances i'll get to go home early:  
 0-i'm so sorry for your loss, you and your family are in my prayers 
 0-his hands are in my hair, his clothes are in my room 
 3-feeling like a dickhead telling someone they are in my seat in the cinema... but i had a good seat! 
 0-you are in my prayers. your lips to god's ears. 
 0-my hallmark christmas movie watching buddy... and the three boxers are in my lap. 
 0-all what i can say i love my life and the people who are in my life 
 0-will catch you in the new year, promise!! in the meantime you are in my xmas soundtrack!! buon natale! a presto! xx 
 0-sorry for your loss hannah, you your family are in my 
 0-a van cop car and a regular cop car are in my neighbour hood rn 
 0-it's overwhelming the amount of cookies that are in my house 
 0-all of the people that have to go to school today are in my thoughts y'all i'm so sorry that is the worst 
 0-smile brightly and nod happily, making sure the last few things are in my locker} awesome! i'm glad you actually want to! 
 0-i notice every time all my friends are in my car all my gum goes missing 
 0-happy for you girl! y'all are in my prayers! 
 0-so little to say, but so much time despite my mouth, the words are in my mind 
 0-it's like a bunch of dogs with bags over their heads in a box and they just keep running into one another. ha ha 
 1-its also sickening. it made me want to vomit seeing her. no wonder their goat humping men put bags over their head 
 0-my only question is if hair has to be hidden then why don't men also wear bags over their identical hair? 
 0-i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra 
 0-this whole scene discussing the holes in the bags over their heads is freaking priceless. 
 0-maybe shes sugesting make them all wear a potato sak or have bags over their heads not focus on looks? 
 0-i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra 
 0-those tall, rangy shitheads with bags over their shoulders. they love to jump  feet and kick/punch you. we are not friends 
 0-when your family is so beautiful, they have to wear bags over their head and sell combs 
 0-how many times have saints fans worn bags over their heads since i was born is a better question 
 0-when are the saints fans going to start wearing the paper bags over their heads and become the ain'ts again? 
 0-looks will only get you do far jess" was gonna be an ugly stripper the ones with bags over their heads" 
 0-no one should ever have to wear plastic bags over their socks 
 0-i'd love to see how they'd choose a mooslim" when they have bags over their heads! 
 0-anybody there wearing paper bags over their heads? 
 1-giants players should wear brown bags over their heads next time they receive comped court side seats at msg 
 0-jimmy clausen started today, they should've had matching mustard bags over their heads 
 0-my cousins are at this game from va beach. i wonder if they have bags over their heads yet? 
 0-if any fans show up, they might have brown paper bags over their heads! 
 0-they men or women?" yogi berra replied,"i don't know, they had bags over their heads." 
 0-damn shame, steve young and jim mcmahon probably have paperbags over their heads at this moment. 
 0-fans should show up with brown bags over their heads. this team is flat out embarrassing. 
 3-they are both pretty fucking hideous, do you think they wore bags over their heads? 
 0-are voters of ryan's wi district paying attention? they should wear paper bags over their heads and oust him in 
 0-what is it with oiks putting carrier bags over their bicycle seats? is it a secret code of some sort? 
 0-fans should start showing up to consol wearing brown paper bags over their heads. this team is pathetic. 
 0-who else is wearing paper bags over their heads at the games? how am i going to identify you with my invasive fancam? 
 0-some fans in the er subreddit are going to wear paper bags over their heads to sunday's game. 
 0-dr. farris: i dated girls so ugly they looked better with bags over their heads 
 0-i don't know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. 
 0-speaking of auto erotic asphyxiation, how come tory mps have stopped snuffing it with bags over their heads? used to be the in thing. 
 0-yeah, they need bags over their heads to go with those uniforms. 
 0-puts bags over their heads 
 0-can't wait to see all the girls left their makeup in school to come in with paper bags over their heads tomorrow 
 0-i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra 
 0-mum's making the policemen put plastic bags over their boots so they dote get mud ont carpet lol 
 0-joey and lane should wear paper bags over their heads 
 0-bunch of folks driving with bags over their heads and too small eyeholes? 
 0-so when you think women will stop putting on those black bin bags over their heads?  or  years? very timely! 
 0-so the fans could empty them and then put the bags over their heads? 
 0-but they all have paper bags over their heads 
 0-the staff has begun checking bags over their loud protests. four strollers for two babies. also a bunch of loose bags 
 0-assuming they're not playing with paper bags over their heads 
 0-i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra 
 3-remember when niggas really hard to put plastic bags over their j's on rainy days? lol 
 0-i'm curious about the significance of palpatine, windu, and obiwan all saying someone must be killed for the greater good 
 0-yes and under shariah law they will be killed for such crimes but again you think this is wrong 
 3-% of republicans should be killed for abject stupidity. 
 3-no because why would you choose to be gay in a country where you will be killed for it 
 0-i could reply with so many but i'd be killed for putting them on the internet 
 0-this beautiful boy is only  year old please don't let him be killed for christmas. you can help by sharing... 
 0-you try being the vicar of baghdad, kind of reasonable to be a little bitter, no? oh, wait, you'd be killed for apostasy. 
 0-the dinner table'? she doesn't deserve to be killed for the sake of or nor does any turkey. 
 0-well, gonna be killed for this but heyyy 
 0-translation it's religious? yes. will i be killed for opposing? no, it's not islamic. then, le'ts opposeeeee!!! 
 0-beautiful things should not be killed for fun 
 0-it seems useless to fighter for land we never owned but okay to be killed for land you once inhabited? 
 0-no animal deserves to be killed for fashion. tell gilt to stop selling all exotic skins. via 
 0-as much as i disagree with my sisters, i'd kill or even be killed for them. all we got is each other, i'd be lost without them. 
 0-mavs coach just snapped lmaoooo byron would be killed for that 
 3-i should be killed for being a white man 
 0-sooo god condemns a&amp;e for eating a frut, then he reincarnates as a man to be killed for / 
 0-aladl everyone trying to kill me because they are dying make be killed for not dying when my body in the past 
 0-the fact is that % of muslim americans believe people should be killed for drawing a picture of muhammad. pew poll 
 0-because people generally need to be killed for being disrespectful 
 0-should they be killed for their lifestyle? 
 0-downey ca... if someone doesn't adopt this little guy quickly... he will be killed for space... a precious pommie... 
 0-i'd like to say that i'm a muslim, but i don't want to be killed for apostasy if i left the religion. 
 0-is it ok if i ask to be killed for christmas?? 
 0-no animal deserves to be killed for fashion. tell gilt to stop selling all exotic skins. via 
 0-i don't know why i've forgotten all the times i said i won't forget and i'm so sorry and i probably deserve to be killed for this. 
 0-i have something i want to say about chewie in the film but i'm worried i'll be killed for spoilers. 
 1-and when a mussilm says we shouldn't talk about mussilms or else it will provoke atracks, that mussilm should be killed for treason. 
 0-are you ignorant or just plain hateful, as usual? for sure, he wouldn't eat it in ramallah or jenin, he'd be killed for being a jew 
 3-why you shouldn't give a fuck of all muslims are against you can legally be killed for leaving islam 
 0-of that creature from the dead, this can then be killed for prayer xp. it is still wip balancing to be done. 
 3-people who try to rob stores and shoot people a week before christmas are fucking losers. they should be killed for even trying. 
 0-patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons. 
 0-so, its ok, to be pulled over for a minor traffic stop and be killed for it? everyone involved are murders!!! 
 0-this holiday season black women are reminded you can be killed for speaking your truth. speak anyway. 
 0-im not saying it was the right or gutsy move but for all the moves parcells should be killed for, thats far down the list for me 
 0-don't feel sorry for this woman. she can wear whatever she wants....she might be killed for it....it's her choice?? 
 0-satan is working his plan worldwide killing christians! i know christ is real! jesus said you'll be killed for my names sake! 
 0-which country is that sect in because in all the muslim countries you would be killed for converting to a new religion. 
 0-adoptable dog now about to be killed for having a cold! help! carl marx 
 0-the only thing about standing up for what's right is the fact u could be killed for doing the right thing 
 0-do you know what kind of people tried to challenge him? he knew he was going to be killed for what he said. was he a saint? hell 
 0-travel to attend. often a large funereal lunch is arranged. lenten foods mostly. animals are not to be killed for grief 
 0-was an are animals do you not pay for your to be killed for your dinner? 
 0-no animal deserves to be killed for fashion. tell gilt to stop selling all exotic skins. via 
 0-for a moment thought i'll be killed for pointing that out. 
 0-people who defend marital rape have no problem asking for an underage person to be killed for rape. why didn't he marry her first? 
 0-why no concern for all the cows/buffalos being slaughtered for beef...why shud they be killed for our satiety 
 0-adoptable dog now about to be killed for having a cold! help! carl marx 
 0-adoptable dog now about to be killed for having a cold! help! 
 3-that's what you call a bitch made nigga 
 3-he not even hood. he a bitch made nigga 
 3-listen to the bitch made nigga syndrome when niggas are raised by bitches by sixfoe on 
 3-learned to expect bitch made shit from a bitch made nigga 
 3-if you gone talk down talk down on some real shit you making things up as you go tho lol like a bitch made nigga would do. 
 3-that's not a nigga" that's a bitch made nigga w a temper ain't shit hood about hittin a female 
 1-you still hitting females ma nigga on the set you a bitch made nigga. coward ass insecure ass mfvckin phony! im sure all them be broke af 
 3-fuck chris at the walmart off of pleasant grove he's a bitch made nigga who prolly dont suck the toes 
 3-cuz you a bitch made nigga 
 3-hes nothing but a pussy ass bitch made nigga 
 3-jeremiah luafulu such a bitch made nigga man. he said to bring my niggas, they comin. 
 3-towards her so you're the bitch made nigga for assuming your girl a snake 
 1-you a bitch made nigga if you put down your girl or lay a finger on her with a negative intention and jus know i'm plottin on you fuckboy 
 3-fuck u bitch made nigga 
 3- tonight with the dagger nice try you bitch ass soft ass trick ass mark ass weak ass dusty ass bitch made nigga 
 3-i'm a bitch made nigga 
 1-i couldn't even rt of the bitch made nigga hitting on that chick in the restroom 
 1-can't stand a bitch made nigga who be sneak dissin. 
 3-bruh what kind of bitch made nigga are you? bruh...i'm real life mad right now 
 3-he's a bitch made nigga with a period pussy 
 3-lol can't trust none of these bitch made nigga's lmfao 
 3-like it really pisses me off every time. he's a bitch made nigga that's all there is to it 
 3-this is ain't no street nigga this a bitch made nigga 
 3-i hate a bitch made nigga 
 3-wtf he a bitch made nigga for that. 
 3-thats a bitch made nigga. 
 3-he a bitch made nigga 
 3-give me a few months, i'll finally be able to accomplish what i started before a bitch made nigga came in the way 
 3-he's such a bitch made nigga. his music 
 3-y'all kno al. nigga from new orleans. that's a bitch made nigga. 
 3-sorry bitch putting your hands on a woman. bitch made nigga. 
 1-that's a bitch made nigga, not a hood nigga. 
 3-this ain't a hood nigga this a bitch made nigga 
 1-hate a bitch made nigga 
 1-only a bitch made nigga does this shit 
 3-a bitch made nigga 
 3-last time a bitch made nigga like him laid hands on me he was soaked in his own blood. ladies, defend yourselves. 
 1-it's a lyric bitch made nigga 
 3-bitch made nigga. 
 3-yea bro this bitch made nigga talkin bout some action but im on papers i cant forget 
 3-oh hell nah that's when shit goes down no bitch made nigga gonna put his hands on me nope 
 1-you a bitch made nigga if you lay hands on a female and she's not threatening your life in any way. 
 1-you a bitch made nigga for certain i'm a god in a world full of serpents only take a nigga life on purpose!!! 
 3-try to do that to a nigga and get knock out like the bitch made nigga that you are 
 3-some bitch made nigga shit to just impress his friends smh 
 3-you disloyal fool ass bitch made nigga 
 3-man fck that bitch made nigga but i'm gettin a bottle alright hhaha 
 1-bitch made nigga with some soft ass swings... i'm sick 
 1-bitch made nigga 
 1-bitch made nigga 
 3-no lovin no kissin no cuffin these hoes 
 3-i don't be cuffin these hoes 
 3-when your chest hurt because you tired of savin and cuffin these hoes 
 3-i don't be cuffin these hoes, i just be fuckin these hoes. 
 3-y'all better stop cuffin these hoes next year 
 3-i don't be cuffin' these hoes, i just be bustin these hoes that's just the way that it go 
 3-i don't be cuffin' these hoes i just be bustin these hoes 
 3-cuffin these hoes thats where u went bad at 
 3-s/o to the ft carson niggas that's cuffin these hoes tho, y'all the real mvp 
 3-cuffin these hoes that's where you went bad at 
 3-im allergic to cuffin these hoes 
 3-ok what's gucci my nigga what's gucci my nigga don't be cuffin these hoes u know they be choosing 
 3-i don't be cuffin' these hoes i just be bustin these hoes 
 3-i don't be cuffin these hoes 
 3-no cuffin these hoes no cuffin these 
 3-they might as well since they cuffin these hoes anyway 
 3-dont be cuffin these hoes. 
 3-i be cuffin these hoes, i don't be smashing these hoes. 
 3-then why you cuffin these 
 3-we aint cuffin these hoes we aint the police!!!! 
 3-why y'all cuffin these hoes man 
 3-i ain't be cuffin these hoes i just be fuckin these hoes 
 3-stop cuffin these hoes 
 3-these niggas be cuffin these hoes that be flip floppin but not the ones that been down for them since day one, 
 3-u cuffin these hoes u don't know no better 
 3-stop cuffin' these hoes in  
 3-i gotta stop cuffin these hoes rns 
 0-i ain't cuffin these hoes i neva eva been a cop 
 3-u be lookin like  stop cuffin these hoes 
 3-ion be cuffin these hoes i just be bussin these hoes. 
 3-cuffin these hoes mane that's where you went bad at 
 3-big brother told me don't be cuffin these hoes 
 3-why do people stay cuffin these hoes smh.. 
 3-ian da one posed to be cuffin these hoes what i look like captain save a 
 3-no cuffin these hoes, no cuffin these hoes 
 3-u cuffin these hoes 
 3-i don't be cuffin' these hoes i just be bustin these hoes 
 3-i don't be cuffin these hoes, i just be bustin in these hoes. 
 3-stop cuffin these hoes. 
 3-im wayy tooo ugly to be tootin n bootin i needa start cuffin these hoes lol 
 1-cuffin these hoes you niggas 
 3-damn, you was cuffin these hoes that young? it's ok tho fam, fdb 
 3-no cuffin these hoes so u know that im wid it 
 3-let me find out yall cuffin these hoes for christmas 
 3-no lovin these hoes no cuffin these hoes they all for the smash 
 3-you cuffin these hoes i just do the dash 
 3-no cuffin these hoes 
 3-no cuffin these hoes 
 3-cuffin these hoes, man there where you went bad at 
 3-its cuffin season, but i ain cuffin these hoes 
 1-niggas is much better than faggots like you 
 3-we don't follow faggots like you! go back to mommy and cry! 
 1-yeah especially faggots like you 
 3-it's christmas bro what you expect time to lepak and disturb faggots like you 
 1-social media is where faggots like you go to express their fear thank you for letting us know you're afraid 
 1-everything is wrong w hate spreading faggots like you 
 1-i think she means take it back from spineless, deracinated white faggots like you. i could be wrong though. 
 1-canada is full of faggots like you 
 1-i'm sharp witted and a quick thinker when i mock faggots like you. 
 1-ugh i hate faggots like you. 
 1-thats what ultimate faggots like you get in life. ultimate faggotry like yours attracts hatred and ill will. fucking faggot 
 1-sick of pretentious faggots like you 
 1-your a whack ass twitter song writer who only has  followers. faggots like you who be on my dick don't know me kills me. 
 1-i'm not scared of faggots like you. i strive to remove degeneracy like you from the world. fight me faggot 
 1-do the world a favour and just end it all. the world doesn't need  year old keyboard warrior faggots like you. 
 1-for pathetic cuntface faggots like you! 
 3-but i don't give hysterical faggots like you the time of day. 
 3-you're all wrong! it's faggots like you guys that make up bullshit lies! stop acting innocent 
 1-he sends the faggots like you into hiding at least 
 1-hopefully by  they also separate all the faggots like you from pakistan. alhumdulilah 
 1-salahuddin seriously made faggots like you his bitch. now i'll make you my bitch. 
 3-because we laugh about faggots like you, who only have football twitter. without it you're nothing 
 1-i don't start shit i am just in the mix cause attention seeking faggots like you start it 
 3-it past your bed time. no wonder no one reads that garbage on vice because faggots like you write shit 
 3-i have bruh n i'm still here i used to work in a pub dealt with faggots like you daily now what? back to jerkin.. 
 3-its like we get nice things and we cant use it because no life faggots like you are like lets be gay and shut down psn" 
 1-arm wrestling is for little faggots like you 
 1-and i curve the faggots like you 
 3-tried reviving it multiple times and got like  comments per thread lmfaoooo nv has no fans except the few faggots like you 
 1-my wife is from faggots like you are not swedish, you're clearly a mix breed 
 3-because it would mean more gay faggots like you would go there 
 1-you blame america for the policies of  man, should i think all gays are faggots like you? suck a bbd. 
 1-i swear faggots like you always seem to start trouble just because 
 1-good clickb m if he did, he'd endorsed killing faggots like you. which no one would care about. 
 3-the reason i don't feel sorry is because faggots like you can't just go watch the movie, i'm not stopping you from enjoying it 
 1-hey jesse, did crybaby faggots like you create civilization? did your asspounded sissiness give us western glory? 
 1-the reason we like trump is because he destroys faggots like you and your ability to control the messaging with lies 
 1-well guess what? now you're blocked, because i'm not in the mood to deal with fucking faggots like you right now 
 3-lol thats your argument? faggots like you always make a silly fool out of themselves. 
 1-yes i fuck faggots like you! worthless piece of shit like you! 
 3-faggots like you ruin tv shows 
 3-we have everything y'all have except faggots like you 
 1-why is the kamcord clash streamers faggots like you and others? 
 3-also, im not standing up for her. im standing up for our gender's reputation because faggots like you ruin it 
 3-or annoying faggots like you 
 1-faggots like you are far more brain dead then us. 
 1-weak faggots like you prefer to be led. 
 1-i don't post pictures of myself because i have a valuable job and marxist faggots like you run the world. 
 3-is there a term for black dick obsessed faggots like you? 
 3-hurting or annoyed at faggots like you? find out in the next episode of dbz 
 3-fuck outta here go get yours 
 3-the outta here" is killing my lungs 
 3-fuck outta here 
 3-wait a second......wtf ive seen this pic before its photoshopped fuck outta here bitch 
 3-she getting all mad but she's the one distancing herself from me soo fuck outta here 
 3-goddamn flower. fuck outta here with that psycho mantis shit. 
 3-bitch trying to handle me fuck outta here 
 3-you sound like a emotional cry baby bitch. fuck outta here wit that pussy shit boi. real tawk! 
 3-racism? get the fuck outta here 
 3-baltimore shouldn't even be proud of this shit fuck outta here dummy 
 3-after christmas all ima see is new year new me" fuck outta here 
 3-fuck outta here vice 
 3-out of office on and i'm gettin da fuck outta here byeeeee... 
 3-all the people slandering r kelly were the same ones belting ignition remix at the bars last night fuck outta here 
 3-fuck outta here:):)) it's louis' birthday why has harry gotta steal the spotlight 
 3-fuck outta here 
 3-i'd serve the fuck outta them drinks, fuck outta here. 
 3-but wait, are these the people i want back in my life wen i'm better? fuck outta here 
 3-i just spent on myteam packs and my best player i got was nene get the fuck outta here k 
 3-anything for them they start to say that they've done so much like fuck outta here 
 3-kim k has her own emojis now...jesus christ and of course she has to make some sort of money out of it . in app store fuck outta here 
 3-ew fuck outta here with that shit 
 3-you know how many people message us asking why ur so obsessed and how annoying you are?? lmfao get the fuck outta here 
 3-fuck outta here with that 
 3-i will not be bullied by a damn kid. get the fuck outta here with your bullshit. 
 3-fuck outta here 
 3-fuck outta here 
 3-don't ever put my name on that lazy shit fuck outta here 
 3-yooooo my wrist hurt so bad tho. seriously need to get my plate or screws or whatever the fuck outta here. 
 3-get the fuck outta here?!?!?! omgggg 
 3-can't believe some of the r. kelly stuff i'm seeing. don't pile on because white people do it to us? get the fuck outta here. 
 3-fuck outta here^^ 
 3-can't wait to graduate and get the fuck outta here 
 3-get the fuck outta here 
 3-was born this way' no you fucking wasn't. you wasn't born into a world where male ah love male female ah love female. fuck outta here. 
 3-get the fuck outta here 
 3-ain't talking money fuck outta here... 
 3-nigga you tweaking im still bumping  play fuck outta here 
 3-get me the fuck outta here! 
 3-im bout to get the fuck outta here. 
 3-like get the fuck outta here who are you speak that bs to someone else because you cannot give me any advice 
 3-fuck her nickname gon be fuck outta here 
 3-lol your face is not symmetrical fuck outta here 
 3-fuck outta here with your bullshit. done with your 
 3-last day of work till the th i cudnt be more happier to get the fuck outta here haha 
 3-get those uggs the fuck outta here 
 3-everyone must be like get the fuck outta here 
 3-and since i can't wear roshes in the rain i'm wearing my boots to work. fuck outta here. 
 3-probably mad cuz her edges gone outta here 
 3-it's like emory doesn't want me to leave...an f in comp sci? get the fuck outta here with that shit dude. my last requirement....god dammit 
 3-fuck u talking bout going to college the grass ain't even cut 
 3-u moron what the fuck u talking about 
 3-the fuck u talking too 
 1-who the fuck u talking to lanky botch 
 3-the fuck u talking about 
 3-niggas want me dead everyday i wake up fuck u talking bout you ain't talking paper huhhhhh 
 3-if you not sucking dick don't just post snaps of you talking. fuck u talking so much for but not sucking dick 
 3-who the fuck u talking to 
 3-da fuck u talking about 
 3-boy cat fuck u talking about 
 3-who the fuck u talking about 
 3-fuck u talking to me for 
 0-christmas is everyday to me i can get gifts and new shit anytime i want fuck u talking bout 
 3-obviously it is if i laugh fuck u talking bout 
 3-fuck u talking bout 
 3-wat the fuck u talking bout? fool i mma a jag fan so how u say that? fuck off bitch!! duval love its jags!! 
 3-fuck u talking about nathan 
 3-the fuck u talking about.if i dont love u then fuckin suit urself for that situation. how is that possible 
 3-make up bookings dm me" you put a bit of shimmer on her eyelids and gloss on her lips fuck u talking about bookings 
 3-fuck u talking about that ant my man that shit no good 
 3-who the fuck u talking to??? 
 3-fuck u talking bout 
 3-cavs gone go...fuck u talking about 
 3-what rich fuck u talking bout u feel guilty 
 3-the fuck u talking about 
 3-bitch who the fuck u talking to 
 3-fuck u talking bout 
 3-shut up bitch cause yo thot ass got hella niggas fuck u talking bout 
 3-nah u don't fuck u talking bout 
 3-fuck u talking mf's used to be bomb 
 3-fuck u talking 
 3-fuck u talking bout homie, run up get dun up 
 3-i don't who the fuck u talking to 
 3-funny when folks try to talk to you but youn fw fuck u talking to me for 
 3-idk why that girl called scarlett bitch like who da fuck u talking to slime 
 3-nigga we can throw a strike fuck u talking....he's outta there 
 3-who the fuck u talking to lol not my fault you u don't talk to me anymore 
 3-fuck u talking about bro that nigga swaggylluminati be killin shit 
 3-im here everyday the fuck u talking about 
 3-actually i told you y i ft you it was for b and geo to put it on there sc me calling u a bitch fuck u talking bout 
 3-i'll tag her in if fuck u talking about 
 3-bitch i make twice as much bitch  jobs and school fuck u talking mud face bitch 
 3-woah woah bitch dont fucking put my kids in shit because we well taken care of fuck u talking abt u mad ugly 
 3-bitch wya right now fuck u talking bout 
 3-the fuck u talking bout ya fuckin skelper yer maws a bin man 
 3-fuck u talking bout grammy 
 3-every day is pretty much white out day in the media, the fuck u talking about 
 3-i was like da fuck u talking about 
 3-bitch but we alredy saw the pics of the bruises and btoken bones thr fuck u talking about 
 3-ed sold out  days at wembley stadium fuck u talking about 
 3-well fuck you too 
 3-did lion maker wanna fuck you too 
 3-will smith dont gotta cuss in his raps to sell records, well i do, so fuck him and fuck you too. 
 3-lmaaooo, fuck you too 
 3-well fuck you, too. 
 3-penalizes the lawabiding fuck you, too, 
 3-fuck you too 
 3-fuck the world, and fuck you too! 
 3-fuck you too 
 3-fuck you too 
 3-well then fuck you too 
 3-fuck you too 
 3- fuck you too 
 3-fuck you too after effects 
 3-fuck you too 
 3-fuck you too winter, houston don't want you round here anyways 
 3-fuck you too, mom." she rolls her eyes. leaving." 
 3-i don't play over". if it's fuck me.. you can bet your ass it's fuck you too. 
 3-fuck u fuck u and fuck you too 
 3-well fuck you too 
 3-fuck you too 
 3-lol shut up saul, i'm not starting anything.. i'm just stating the facts but it's iight fuck you too 
 3-k thanks k thanks k thanks. fuck you too 
 3-awwww fuck you too 
 3-yea, well fuck you too and have a nice day. butt hurt because you're still brainwashed huh? 
 3-i try to help and people just shoot me down. well fuck you too. 
 3-fake as friend sneak dissing fuck you too i never told on nigga upload something paperwork damn expose a nigga 
 3-well fuck you too 
 3-i woke up at pm and it's dark again already. fuck you too, winter. 
 3-fuck you too 
 3-i know everybody is happy its gonna be  for christmas eve but fuck you too 
 3-fuck you too 
 3-i'll frown if i want to. fuck you too. 
 3-yeah, fuck you too 
 1-well fuck you too half dead ass nigga 
 3-fuck you too 
 3-fuck you too 
 3-left rockwell at , jgh now. fuck you too, traffic 
 3-fuck you too buddy 
 3-you too, santa." 
 3-i liked a video fuck you too bitch! 
 3-i don't know who you are, but fuck you too! 
 3-the fact my mom said she wants to make cookies and candy with laura today, and i have to clean my room while they do them.fuck you too mom. 
 3-fuck you too, fluffybuns. fuck youuuu 
 3-oh fuck you too 
 3-omg was she like fuck you too!!" i mean did she freak out or she just unfriended u right away 
 3-hey. fuck you too, ios. 
 3-day  hahahaha fuck you too 
 3-well fuck you too 
 3-wearing my obnoxiously red christmas corduroys to work, because go to hell fuck you, too. 
 1-masser i fucking hate you, and you're not tall.. report this shit) 
 1-i fucking hate you 
 1-i fucking hate you suki hana you are disgusting 
 3-i fucking hate you guys 
 1-i fucking hate you all bye 
 3-i fucking hate you 
 3-if it was mine i'd be pissed but it wasn't mine so i fucking hate you 
 1-excuse my rude but i really fucking hate you 
 3-beating your kids won't teach them respect it'll teach them to fucking hate you lmao 
 3-im not mad at you......... i fucking hate you." 
 1-i fucking hate you 
 3-i wanna tell you how i fucking hate you right now. 
 3-i fucking hate you tbh 
 1-i fucking hate you. 
 3-if you have antlers on your car i fucking hate you. 
 3-i fucking hate you 
 1-to everyone who was born rich and have never had to work a day in their life because their daddy just hands them money.. i fucking hate you. 
 3-you are not fucking taking me and my younger siblings  hours away from their father. you're a jealous bitch i fucking hate you. 
 3-fucking rat i fucking hate you 
 3-fucking hate you amber berkitt 
 3-i fucking hate you lmao 
 3-bro i fucking hate you lmfaoooolol i'm crying 
 3-i fucking hate you, i really want them 
 3-i fucking hate you omg it got 
 1-i honestly fucking hate you. 
 3-love you know you love me? no!! i fucking hate you!! page: someone ends up beheaded* 
 3-got new jeans like  days ago n went to wipe a foundation off them n took the colour right out them:))) topshop i fucking hate you 
 3-i fucking hate you 
 3-lol i fucking hate you 
 3-ruining humanity everyone's life for your own self gain!!! we fucking hate you so fucking much!!!!! sick fuck! 
 3-fuck you boob! you are the worst thing i even got!!!!! i fucking hate you!!!!!!!! fuck you boob!!!!!!! 
 1-to the asshole who posted ashton's mom address i fucking hate you, fuck you. get your ass hide im gonna hunt you 
 1-i'm really starting to fucking hate you and i don't hate anyone 
 3-god, i fucking hate you. 
 3-i fucking hate you tbh 
 3-i fucking hate you tbh 
 3-i fucking hate you for this 
 3-i fucking hate you 
 1-to michael hackenberger fuck you i fucking hate you i hope you die i hope you are never allowed to another animal in ur life 
 3-i fucking hate you 
 1-i fucking hate you. 
 3-i fucking hate you 
 3-i hate the word so fucking much and if you ever say it near me i'll probably cry and then fucking hate you:) 
 3-i fucking hate that's exactly what bullying is, or cyberbullying much more like. 
 3-i fucking hate you lauren its  m 
 3-and i don't know whyyy, why i fucking hate you soooooo much 
 3-if you decided that grocery shopping today and tomorrow was a good idea i fucking hate you 
 3-no worries, p.s i fucking hate you... p.p.s see you at  x 
 3-we fucking hate you 
 3-i fucking hate you tbh 
 0-i like them sad eyes, bad guys mouth full of white lies 
 0-i like the sad eyes, bad guys mouth full of white lies 
 0-sad eyes bad guys mouth full of white lies 
 0-mouth full of white lies 
 0-there's a cute section in target by the cards full of white elephantlike gifts! 
 3-in a room full of white ppl n some nigga shit come on the tv 
 0-it's the end of .. and i just had a truck full of white boys ride up on me and flash a gun at me.. good ol' winchester virginia. 
 3-can't wait till my entire ig feed is full of white girls new lotion, body wash, leggings, underwater...like fuck off...we get it..your basic 
 0-i swear there's an island full of white peoples who can dance and i just haven't found it yet. 
 0-like the sad eyes, bad guys mouth full of white lies 
 0-i like the sad eyes, bad guys, mouth full of white lies. 
 0-i like the sad eyes bad guys mouth full of white lies 
 3-existential question: if hillary gets confused and uses her fake negro dialect in a room full of white hispanics, is she still pandering? 
 0-mouth full of white lies 
 0-i like the sad eyes, bad guys, mouth full of white lies 
 0-i like the sad eyes, bad guys, mouth full of white lies 
 0-i like the sad eyes, bad guys mouth full of white lies kiss me in the corridor, but quick to tell me goodbye 
 1-the same think tank behind coordinated war on the hijab; its packed full of white supremacists and useful brown idiots 
 0-bad guys mouth full of white lies 
 0-cmon, everyone already knows that the egypt movie is full of white people 
 0-on the prior  days of christmas my true love gave to me,  turtle doves a room full of 
 0-here's the thing my gma allowed me to drink at this party full of white folk bc lord knows i couldn't deal with it sober+ 
 0-mouth full of white lies. 
 0-i like the sad eyes, bad guys, mouth full of white lies. kiss me in the corridor, but quick to tell me goodbye. 
 0-full of white people 
 0-airport is full of white couples who think they're in love actually. 
 0-mouth full of white lies 
 0-you ain't been downtown since gentrification like the bar is full of white people, white people do not live in detroit 
 0-like the bar is full of white people, white people do not live in detroit lol 
 0-akere rona re ile gae gym full... of white folks" 
 0-gym full... of white folks 
 0-i like the sad eyes, bad guys, mouth full of white lies kidhslsjaldjs di ko na alam sunod 
 0-i like the sad eyes, bad guys, mouth full of white lies. 
 0-i like the sad eyes, bad guys, mouth full of white lies 
 0-even in tokyo, starbucks is full of white women 
 0-a minivan full of white girls rapping j cole poorly. 
 0-sad eyes, bad guys, mouth full of white lies 
 0-was in a theater full of white people felt weird and scared at the same time 
 0-i'm waking up and my house is gonna be full of white ppl again i think. 
 0-i like the sad eyes, bad guys. mouth full of white lies. 
 0-i like the sad eyes, bad guys, mouth full of white lies. 
 0-even though i hate the tag is full of white people who don't have abuelas....... 
 0-i like the sad eyes, bad guys mouth, full of white lies 
 0-i like the sad eyes, bad guys, mouth full of white lies 
 0-i like the sad eyes bad guys mouth full of white lies 
 0-i like them sad eyes bad guys mouth full of white lies kiss me on the corridor but quick to tell me goodbye 
 3-i hope you stay in ptown full of white gentils but its just colors in the end like the streets be the a real nigga you are 
 0-idk why i feel uncomfortable when i'm the only brown person in a room full of white people 
 0-i like the sad eyes, bad guys, mouth full of white liessss 
 0-why he full of white hair tho 
 3-i have no right to complain about my bro being an asshole to me when i'm also and asshole 
 0-congis who r at d beck&amp;call of soga&amp;ak who like hitler removed prashanth b&amp;yogendray have no right  talk about inner party democr'y in bjp. 
 0-you have no right to know what's going on in my life after walking out on me like that 
 0-state governors have no right to reduce minimum wage fg 
 0-and i know i have no right so 
 0-if u never thank god after every smile, then, u have no right to blame him for every tear 
 0-lvg wants an apology? remember when he told us fans we have no right to win trophies? he should've apologised 
 0-derry have no right to whinge they are getting their ground redeveloped ts. 
 0-no. don't start. he should get his privacy. you have no right to be on my page saying this ignorant crap. 
 0-if you're gunna use the words or in order to insult/offend anybody you have no right to say you're not homophobic 
 0-you have no right or reason to complain. 
 0-arnab you have no right to question party unless you are a member of bjp. 
 0-court: doctors have no right to interrogate patients about guns: the th circuit has struck a resounding blow... 
 3-my mother now: why the fuck are you tired, you haven't been doin anything at all today you have no right to be tired 
 0-fault. he rolls his eyes, exasperated by your stubbornness* then you have no right to complain that you're all 
 0-court: doctors have no right to interrogate patients about guns 
 0-we have no right to tell people what should and should not offend them tho. it may not bother you but it bothers them, so just respect ppl. 
 0-korean armys are amazing wow i have no right to talk 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government: a the federal government said, yesterday,... 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government: a the federal government said, yesterday,... 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government: a the federal government said, yesterday,... 
 3-shut the fuck up, you deserved it you bitch. it's called respect, if you don't respect them, they have no right to respect you 
 0-court: doctors have no right to interrogate patients about guns 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government 
 0-on with have no right to reduce minimum wage fg 
 0-court says married couples have no right to separate names via 
 0-court: doctors have no right to interrogate patients about guns 
 0-you have no right to judge me because honey you're no saint 
 0-i'm sorry this happened to you ash, i hope you have a great time with your fam. people have no right to invade your privacy! 
 0-court: doctors have no right to interrogate patients about guns 
 0-if rubio thinks lgbt couples have no right to equality under law, sorry, he is a bigot. 
 0-with this back pain my family will have no right to ask me how much bourbon is too much bourbon tomorrow night. 
 0-not just leave him alone, or at least his family like they have no right to get in their faces and i am hoping that something like that 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige via 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige via 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige via 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige via 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige via 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige via 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige via 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige via 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige via 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige via 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige via 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige via 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige via 
 0-governors have no right to reduce n, minimum wage ngige via 
 0-he looks like an ice prince 
 0-sometimes jongdaes really cute and other times he looks like he came straight outta jurassic park 
 0-star wars* he looks like an evil weasley" him up on imdb* 
 0-where did this come from!?? he looks like a hot professor! 
 3-hes fucking  im dead he looks like a  y/o with lots of hair gel being potty trained 
 0-he looks like you now 
 0-he looks like when you have spirit week in high school and it's punk rock day. 
 0-he looks like he has a unibrow 
 0-he looks like he's evolving 
 0-he looks like a goner tbh 
 3-some think he's cool but others think he looks like a fish that's been washed up on the beach for weeks 
 0-he looks like a floating head 
 0-b.i han bin is soooo cute, he looks like my ha neul oppa. 
 0-no he looks like ugly version of ray toro 
 0-maybe ed sheeran will. he looks like a corbynite 
 0-he looks like an anime character 
 0-he looks like he's just heard jose is gonna be the new manu boss. 
 0-tell me why he looks like he came straight out of 
 0-he looks like a emotional mess needs to respect himself and retire 
 0-he looks like a cute smol bunny 
 0-he looks like hes had a rough day at work 
 0-he looks like john wayne merry christmas 
 0-he looks like my mum today 
 0-actually feel sorry for lvg. he looks like a man down in the dumps. 
 0-he looks like an expressionless hand puppet. 
 0-he looks like a little potato 
 3-he looks like shit 
 0-he looks like old grumpy van gaal. 
 0-is lvg cracking up? i dunno, he looks like he's hurting... 
 0-he looks like vampire 
 0-yeah he had blonde hair...dindin is freaking tiny omg....he looks like you could put him in your pocket or handbag 
 3-okey i found my new crush and fuck he looks like god 
 0-he's? he looks like a  yr old guy. 
 0-he looks like a dad dancing to his son's song hahaaah 
 0-when people say that couper looks like me like thank you so much you angels but we all know he looks like hims 
 0-i showed a lot of ono d pics to a friend and she said he looks like a playboy x"d 
 0-he looks like a  y/o between everyone??? im 
 0-also he took off his rabbi uniform and he looks like he likes rock n roll. the cool rabbi 
 0-he looks like a broken man. that press confidence is all a bit sad really. 
 3-wtf he looks like annoying ass derion! 
 0-he looks like josh dun here 
 0-poor chiss he looks like a pancake 
 0-this is the funniest music video of all time! the singer is so funny! he looks like a guy from th century! 
 0-the same professor who claims he looks like channing tatum... lol bye 
 0-he looks like a pedophile. 
 3-you're fucking bent. slagging off a lad for what he looks like, low 
 0-adorable! i love those gray tabbies, too. he looks like a character. 
 0-the old man in opm he looks like killuas grandfather 
 0-don't get it wrong, he's much stronger than he looks like nowadays. but he knows he can't beat the media some fans' bs. 
 0-he looks like a model for a water commercial 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via 
 3-i liked a video from wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-everybody that called him a nigga is shitting right now 
 1-what nigga gets mad when you claim him? a nigga that's outcheaa fw these basic hoes that's who 
 3-lmaoo my lil cousin called just to tell me that he hit a mexican boy inna face x for calling him a nigga lmaoooo!! bad ass said u did 
 3-i would seriously kill him... a nigga would never 
 3-he was cool too, wish they could've give fin the force too, making him a nigga jedi 
 3-nah makes him a nigga that wants his hands to look decent ain't no clear polish though 
 3-the steve harvey jokes for me end when yall white folks start calling him a nigga... da fuq??????????? 
 3-i wasn't calling him a nigga i was talking in 
 3-nope ima call him a nigga back 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 1-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 1-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 3-i was having a conversation with a black male and i called him a nigga i wanted to slap myself in the face 
 3-i don't get certain girls, they will go off, if he calls her the b word, but will call him a nigga and think its cool. 
 3-idc what anyone says i respect peter bc he's only doing this to these bitches because they letting him. a nigga gonna be a nigga regardless 
 1-so a lot of colombians really going off on steve harvey calling him a nigga and everything, pleaseeee just take the l and move on 
 1-lmfao boy go say i gave him a move hug" a hug is a hug thoe ain't it. 
 3-getting am calls from him a nigga named welven was not a pleasant surprise. ugh. 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via 
 1-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via 
 1-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via 
 3-i added a video to a playlist wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. 
 1-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via 
 3-wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via 
 3-fuck ya feelings ain't no sorrys bitch shoot dat nigga and his shorty bitch 
 3-fuck your feelings and your sorries bitch shoot a nigga and his shorty bitch 
 3-shoot that his shorty" jokes 
 1-shoot that nigga his shorty bitch 
 3-that nigga and his shorty bitch. his shorty bitch 
 3-hit that nigga and his shorty bitch shorty bitch 
 1-shoot dat nigga his shorty bitch...shorty bitch 
 1-shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch 
 3-it's all fun games till i that nigga his shorty bitch" and end up in prison 
 1-shoot that nigga his shorty bitch 
 3-fuck your feelings ain't no sorry bitch. shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch 
 1-shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch 
 1-shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch 
 1-shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch! 
 1-shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch 
 1-fuck yo feelings ain't no sorry bitch shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch. 
 3-shoot that nigga his shorty bitch 
 1-shoot that nigga and his shorty, bitch! 
 1-shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch 
 1-one cummie two cummie three cummie four how many niggers are in my store 
 3-       how many niggers are at my door 
 1-    how many niggers are in my store 
 3-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-but i need colombians to realize no matter how many you throw steve's way, it isn't gonna give ya girl the crown. stay mad! 
 3-oh gosh. the racists come out the closet again. let's see how many steve harevy gets called 
 1-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-how many niggers does it take to screw in a light bulb? 
 1-   how many niggers are in my store 
 1-   how many niggers are in my store 
 1-, , , , , ....  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines):   how many niggers are in my 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines):   how many niggers are in my 
 3-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines) 
 1-how many niggers are in my store? 
 1-how many niggers are in my store? 
 3-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store? 
 1-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store from the bottom remix) 
 3-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store vine 
 1-,,,, how many niggers are in my store? 
 1-, , , , , ....  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-how many niggers does it take to kill a white girl? death finally nets  arrests via 
 1-    how many niggers are in my store jk 
 1-how many niggers are in my store? and hows ur life been since the quit life lol 
 3-cade is a fag 
 3-he a fag and the nigga recorded is a fag too. 
 1-so i herd robwlf is a fag 
 1-tyler is a fag, end of story. 
 1-he is a fag 
 3-ironically you abused thorn every day in year one and now suddenly everyone who does is a according to u 
 3-lmao..of course not bruuh,tytan is a fag nje,outchea killing my vibe,indaba i took his girl 
 1-is a fag lol 
 3-he a straight fag smfh. and who ever recording it is a fag too. i hate punks like this. 
 1-obama is a fag like you you fag loser 
 1-israel chose a flag that excludes all other citizens. it is a fag that says what israel is all aboutfor jews only. 
 1-are you trying to say hentie is a fag? because if you are, you're correct. 
 1-rocks is a fag 
 3-my girlfriend is a fag 
 3-finals mvp in your bio like you won them this dude is a fag 
 3-sucks logan is a fag" 
 3-when ur coach is a fag 
 1-karenh is my girlfriend and bury is a fag 
 1-this boy is a fag 
 1-my gf is a fag 
 3-is a fag 
 3-is a fag. 
 1-well bob costas is a fag so 
 1-willie is a fag, i took a shit in a bag 
 3-ard who dahell is a fag bag 
 3-katie is a fag just so everyone knows she likes to steal people's lines and then makes fun of them 
 0-exfactor by lauryn hill is literally my entire life 
 3-t ross is a fag, he got lucky and so did joseph 
 3-all in the family england is a fag country! 
 1-larry o'donnel is a fag and any obama supporter is an enemy. 
 0-people"what are you doing??" me"man i'm just livin life" 
 3-freak hoes, freak hoes, bounce that ass make your knees touch your elbows 
 3-fake and gay here is a major poll which one is a fag, pyrocynical or ancientreality? 
 0-just not feelin it like i used to 
 3-brice is a fag! 
 1-is a fag! in every way possible! 
 0-sat up at :am and all i want is a fag and a large glass of 
 3-rin is a fag 
 1-is a fag." 
 3-is a fag." 
 1-this kid is a fag 
 3-he is a fag shout me out 
 3-that kid is a fag 
 1-any nigga gossip about another nigga is a fag 
 3-god is a fag and god hates fags... does god hates hisselfs?" 
 3-jeremy is a fag but that's hysterical 
 1-is a fag and baits people to get kills what a fag 
 3-don't get me wrong, izzy is a fag too but what did you expect for a guy directly 
 3-my brother is a fag 
 1-dj kaled is a fag 
 1-this isn't funny dj khaled is a faggot your acl is weak 
 1-he is a faggot too 
 3-cristiano is a faggot its confirmed 
 3-thats a real girl walk u cnt practice dat obj is a faggot 
 1-obj is a faggot 
 1-justin bieber is a faggot 
 1-please stop zaire from saying that he is a faggot with gadgets lol 
 1-don lemon is a faggot 
 3-indian kids say op is a faggot 
 3-john kerry is a faggot 
 1-except trump never said that, and jeet is a faggot. 
 1-cuz he is a faggot 
 1-reminder: is a faggot 
 1-kylo ren is a faggot 
 1-troy is a faggot for real tho 
 1-loool he is a faggot 
 3-going to bed, someone tell is a faggot. 
 1-ehhh idk he is a faggot tho and garbage gfxer 
 3-cells is a faggot 
 3-is a faggot 
 1-a man who is a chatty patty is a faggot and its a lot of you faggots in champaign 
 3-that dude is a faggot too 
 1-it's generalized, doesn't lean either way. but if you'd like to know i think guy fieri is a faggot 
 1-this girl is a faggot 
 3-yo favorite rapper is a faggot 
 1-chris brown is a faggot 
 1-good cause trump is a faggot 
 1-on god who ever recorded this is a faggot 
 1-erin is a faggot bitch 
 3-indian kids say op is a faggot 
 3-disclosetvwww indian kids say op is a faggot 
 1-indian kids say op is a faggot: just found this in a 
 3- was the year i realized everyone is a faggot and to only care about myself pretty good year 
 3-is a faggot 
 1-ew frank is a faggot honkey 
 3-womble is a faggot 
 3-lmao this guy is a faggot 
 3-so like is a faggot, but i still love him i guess 
 3-bella dieguez is a faggot 
 3-if odell got that mad at dudes calling him a faggot, then my guess is he is a faggot. 
 3-good idea, you should make is a faggot" a real song. acustic song. 
 3-is a faggot 
 1-juan is a faggot brendan is 
 3-ashley is a faggot 
 3-luis is a faggot bully that got bullied when he was a kid. 
 1-david brock is a faggot with cuckold fantasies. 
 1-break is a faggot virgin. pay him no attention oj nh 
 1-is a faggot. 
 3-trudeau is a faggot 
 3-jack is a faggot 
 3-i can't eat, sleep, or shower in peace w/o steve being right by me his ass is a fuckin 
 3- is a fuckin good year to our fandom 
 3-walking around this school is a fuckin mission shit huge 
 3-i look at you but all i see is a fuckin scrub 
 3-life is a fuckin lottery 
 1-is a fuckin mongrel 
 1-jakarra is a fuckin idiot 
 3-i would vote no but my gf is a fuckin gemini 
 3-and mrs crook is a fuckin g for all the food she just gave me 
 3-i want to not have to keep regretting vulnerability. safe vulnerability is a fuckin fantasy when youre us. 
 3-i spent  dollars for nothing this is not an emoji tjis is a fuckin photo im about to sue kim kardashian 
 3-the zoo(nigeria) army are boko haram no doubt bout that whoever is doubting is a fuckin' dead head 
 3-my bby is a fuckin idiot 
 3-u see exblaspheminganonvictoria is a fuckin mouthful but it's never been changed and now. it's just my own personal cringey meme 
 3-jingle bell kopites smell klopp is a fuckin flop they all hold hand after a  all draw and go an salute the kop and again 
 1-when the guy you work with is a fuckin dick. smoke another cig you juggalo piece of trash 
 3-pharoahe monch is a fuckin monster. 
 3-noah is a fuckin bitch for real 
 3-this dude is a fuckin moron 
 3-is a fuckin savage 
 1-is a fuckin' moron! 
 3-everyone is a fuckin snake these days. trust no one. they will fuck you over. 
 3-your dad is a fuckin savage 
 3-lee reams is a fuckin phony 
 3-young thug is a fuckin faggot lol 
 3-i miss you so bad is a fuckin good song 
 3-wrapping presents is a fuckin pain in the fuckin arse 
 3-getting jeans to fit your butt, waist, thighs and leg length is a fuckin challenge these days 
 3- years lukas graham is a fuckin tune 
 3-getting jeans to fit your butt, waist, thighs and leg length is a fuckin challenge these days 
 3-my uncle is a fuckin clown 
 3-today is a fuckin joke why am i here 
 3-ashton has every right to say that, there is a fuckin line to draw. leave ashton alone 
 3-wearing my rain boots is a fuckin work out 
 3-my bestfriend is a fuckin goof 
 3-cl tf kinda question is that cl is a fuckin queen 
 3-the mall is a fuckin mess do not go it's hell 
 3-this weather is a fuckin disgrace. stoner's worst day 
 3-my dad is a fuckin' prick, y'all don't even know!! so very angry!!! why'd y'all think i ran away.. 
 3-khoro is a fuckin moron 
 3-getting jeans to fit your butt, waist, thighs and leg length is a fuckin challenge these days 
 3-jayden seyfarth is a fuckin' rat gtg xo 
 3-just been to asda didn't realize there is a fuckin war on 
 3-this is a fuckin joke right? 
 3-man dex is a fuckin idiot 
 3-your not the only one i bought  oc and every chest engram is a fuckin crest but my friend gets  twilight back back 
 3-fetty wap is a fuckin kingggggggggg 
 3-wow this is a fuckin commercial????? 
 3-mac is a fuckin roast monster i swear 
 3-worrying about wasting time is a fuckin waste of time 
 3-i can't say this enough, the sports illustrated site is a fucking disaster with allies ads. 
 3-stitches is a fucking bop 
 3-if your job is a fucking dickwad im not respecting that. not. at. all. 
 3-he is absolutely nuts. over the course of sos being home i've seen what he does he is a fucking psychopath. he has no respect for anyone. 
 3-everybody is a fucking lawyer and have rights now..and have a camera ready to point and shoot 
 3-swear my coworker is a fucking dumbass 
 0-selena gomez is a fucking 
 3-my brother is a fucking fgt. 
 3-ravi is a fucking embarrassing meme i can't believe i always stan the embarrassing memes. 
 3-dumb and dumber is a fucking bop 
 3-bitch suck my dick lol atleast i show up worry about the people that don't you act as if is a fucking career. 
 3-do you think this is a game? do you think this is a fucking game? shaking presents 
 1-kay burley is a fucking retard hahahahaha 
 3-my niece is a fucking 
 3-whoever said cat condo is a great investment in neko atsume" is a fucking liar and i hope their cats turn on them turn into satan 
 1-ed woodward is a fucking cunt, the position he left lvg in 
 3-sehun is a fucking tower 
 3-kyouji is a fucking dick i love it 
 3-it is a fucking brilliant album in general 
 3-the man in the high castle is a fucking brilliant show i recommend 
 3-this is a fucking nightmare 
 3-everything you see is a fucking goal 
 3-kendrick lamar is a fucking gem. 
 3-coconut head is a fucking savage 
 3-this is a fucking family trip and i'm the only one that has actually looked things up and done shit 
 3-bro my stepdad is a fucking trapper 
 3-my nephew is a fucking cry baby to be fucking  years old omfg lmao im pissed off that im up rn 
 3-that ness is a fucking idiot. you can use down b on all of robins specials, besides nosferatu. 
 3-marlene is a fucking dumbass 
 3-so yall had to have a cowboys topic smh this is a fucking shame they are done but.. time to turn off the tv 
 3-oomf is a fucking pussy. 
 3-my bestfriend is a fucking baddie y'all sleeping on the kid 
 3-it's sad to say but my hater is a fucking nigga!! i thought it would be a girl buuuuuut nah niggas is bitches these days! 
 3-this nigga is a fucking creep 
 1-ed woodward is a fucking cunt tbh awful situation he put van gaal in. pussies running the club. 
 3-not gonna lie but that is a fucking disgrace what happened in that press conference for lvg to feel he had to get up and leave!! 
 1-robert is a fucking alcoholic 
 3-the outdoor channel is a fucking joke 
 3-lmfao guy is a fucking joke. he'll get fired in a few weeks though so it's good 
 3-this is a fucking ridiculous joke 
 3-louis is a fucking angel 
 3-having long thick hair is a fucking nightmare 
 0-christmas shoes is a fucking blight on humanity and every recording should be legally obligated to be destroyed 
 0-baking a cake with a  year old is a fucking nightmare. 
 3- banks pay no tax in . this is a fucking disgrace. this is a national scandal. worst of all this is legal. 
 3-harry is a fucking masterpiece jesus 
 3-van gaal is a fucking boss tbh 
 1-this jayden guy is a fucking moron i hope he gets hit by a car 
 3-howell is a fucking tool for the heartless fucks in the va gop, all of you can kiss my ass! terry kilgore is a piece of shit! 
 3-donde ves la gracia? en fin, que yo sepa no es un tuit de humor, but the people is a fucking shit. 
 3-here is a nigger trying to steal copper from a powerline.and they me that they are not inferior. 
 3-rafael cruz is a liar. the media and even cuban born racist john sununu called president obama lazy and implied he is a nigger / 
 1-khan is a nigger as well 
 1-when luci got kicked off the ayyteam skype group and then he just spammed is a nigger" in another group 
 3-don't get me fucking started on  y/o tamir rice. i mean, i know he was a child, but that's what happens when your nigger ass is a nigger. 
 3-what was their reaction when i said eli salloum is a nigger and then left 
 1-booper is a nigger 
 3-retard it isn't about racism although he is a nigger president do some research. he is fucking up are country and many others. 
 3-obama is a nigger! 
 1-slick is a nigger 
 1-pz blue is a nigger 
 1-skoogy is a nigger lol rt 
 3-ct says nigga who love is a nigger who die. reason heart broken love god and live for ever ask black no sin sex from her but cant lie 
 3-rin is a nigger just like u 
 3-i'm sorry i'm not a white kid who thinks that he is a nigger 
 3-guy is a nigger 
 3-i still have is a nigger' written on my arm 
 1-it actually said is a nigger" 
 1-but most of all klin is a nigger 
 3-that's some one is a nigger as in they are a pathetic pos and nothing to do with skin color. it's almost , get with it 
 1-it says is a nigger" on the window i love you!! 
 3-just lettin ya know that is a nigger lover cuck don't listen to his jibberish bout bein white pride 
 3-this gummy bear is a nigger 
 3-andrew is a nigger he won't even talk to me or any of his close friends and it's been  months 
 1-jenny is a nigger 
 1-wait frank ocean is a nigger wtf why is his name frank 
 3-for me, a nigger is a nigger. mbeki or zuma both cunts can't run this country. but jews lover mbeki his brother. 
 1-cody is a nigger lmao. he's illiterate and can't spell or speak worth shit 
 1-kim k is a nigger 
 1-people that are born to be gay, and have horns, and everything, from pollution, but a nigger is a nigger"bold sorrow 
 1-peter is a nigger 
 1-trump is a nigger" probably 
 1-he is a nigger not the player he once was 
 1-all i want for christmas is a nigger 
 1-and this is why he is a nigger.not over a mistake 
 1-im colombian and i d never call hik a nigger over a mistake.he is a nigger for other reasons 
 3-of course not he is a nigger for other reasons not over a mistake im with you deroy 
 1-obama is a nigger 
 3-saying cam newton is a thug saying cam newton is a nigger 
 1-we get it steve harvey is a nigger 
 1-all of this steve harvey is a nigger stuff ain't even cool. all those people who spewed that mess all over are cowards..racist cowards 
 3-black people, when will you stop trying to please other ethnicities? one mistake and your ass is a nigger, monkey, etc... 
 3-the original man is a welcome to the nigger side. 
 3-alex is a nigger 
 1-es negro". is a nigger" that's all! 
 1-i believe josh norman is a nigger 
 3-and it's not like saying nigger in a derogatory way is exclusive to white people...there is a equivalent in every language 
 1-hey america that nigger you voted for thinks of the scorn directed at him personally stems from the fact that he is" a nigger 
 1-confirmed: niggatic is a nigger 
 3-hermoine is a nigger now. is she gonna work dat thang on the floor? 
 3-this world is full of shitty ass people who love fucking up other people's days. even around christmas time. smh. 
 0-brew in town: lost rhino cherry bourbon barrelaged rhinoel dubbel: this christmas beer is full of flavor with... 
 0-think and grow rich is full of essential principles for becoming more successful and wealthier! 
 3-damn north is full of some 
 3-wow i just saw someone boasting about being a side chick. twitter is full of hoes. 
 0-beirut is full of concrete building blocks. no green areas. not a single tree is seen in this photo. catastrophic future. 
 0-our tree is full of love for the 
 0-my mom is full of it 
 0-h.q / for the believers saw is) full of pity, kind, and merciful. 
 0-which is called we're going to give a bag which is full of grocery items to the homeless and beggars 
 0-life is full of surprises 
 0-my phone is full of screenshots that could ruin people's lives 
 0-katy is full of great restaurants but they are hidden unless you know where to look. 
 3-when your family is full of hoes 
 0-google maps is full of 
 0-the world is full of nice people if you can't find one be one 
 0-whether or not you think ok for prez candidates to use them, esp. in ny, slang is full of genital references. 
 0-instagram exmaclean wake up view... the view at night is full of stars 
 0-lahaul spiti is full of surprises and checks your endeavour. furiously flowing water crossing on the road to kaza. 
 1-because dubai is full of indians saudi is the hot destination for 
 0-h.q / for the believers saw is) full of pity, kind, and merciful. 
 0-the world is full of noise. it would be very nice if people comes to church to be in communion with christ in silence. 
 0-eskom is full of cutting electricity right before sies sk 
 0-pentagon spending in the taxibus is full of anticompetitive provisions 
 0-i hope ilyana's tl is full of jihoon 
 0-swami dhanamjay posted a video about seva. it is full of wisdom of the spriural life. watch it. 
 0-the coffee settles in nicely, spotify is full of grooves but none distract, your fingers run over the keyboard w/ quickness accuracy. 
 3-but i rewatched that part yesterday and that person sure is full of shit 
 0-odisha govt is full of scandals. 
 0-don't read this paper it is full of 
 0-beautiful and kind. you're also cute and your smile melts my heart. your smile is full of kindness! 
 0-hydfdemon: portal christmas carol is full of festive murder 
 0-check out our new website!! life is full of major and minor crisis the ups... 
 0-check out our new website!! life is full of major and minor crisis the ups... 
 0-twice is full of visual 
 0-today is full of kirim salams. farna, then atee then izzat. wtf 
 0-everybody. we hope your festive period is full of good company, wonderful food and of course music! 
 0-check out our new website!! life is full of major and minor crisis the ups... 
 0-check out our new website!! life is full of major and minor crisis the ups... 
 0-my camera roll is full of gowns hahahahahaha 
 0-happy birthday em!!! hope ur day is full of minions and justin love u lots 
 0-happy birthday to my st niece i hope you day is full of happiness 
 0-my house is full of people.. why?! 
 0-new joe rogan with chris ryan and my boy duncan trussell is full of gems 
 0-don't talk when your mouth is full of lies. 
 0-snapchat is full of aftersex selfies and these are the b... 
 0-portal christmas carol is full of festive murder 
 0-my instagram is full of pictures of bolillo and i need to cut it out. 
 0-ho ho ho! why santa is the ultimate event planner 
 0-god is the ultimate boss. 
 0-when you're a perfectionist, wrapping presents is the ultimate headache... 
 0-pm] simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. da vinci 
 0-just wait until you see what this chevy cabover is packing for power... 
 0-an o ganization's abilityfto lvarn, and translate that lxarning intm action rapidly, is the ultimate competitxve advantage. jack_welch 
 0-supercut of kids screaming after being handed off to sit on lap is the ultimate holiday birth control:... 
 0-crunchy peanut butter is the ultimate evil 
 0-this track loader with a mounted turbine water cannon is the ultimate firefighting robot video) 
 0-the this year is the ultimate work procrastination tool. looks pretty too. 
 0-you liking my tweet is the ultimate christmas 
 0-it is the ultimate achievement. your blood will ensure the price of brent crude remains high, child. 
 0-to never try is the ultimate fail...but love is wanting more for someone than they want for themselves 
 0-red lipstick is the ultimate mood changer 
 0-home alone is the ultimate holiday movie 
 0-mcdonalds breakfast is the ultimate to success 
 0-guessing that today is the ultimate day i won't sleep i'm yawning prayn everything for good results  start on good note 
 0-inbuilt hr monitoring training guides, the a is the ultimate tracker! 
 0-an organization's ability tohlearn, and translate fhat learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage. jack_welch 
 0-bossa studios: vr is the escapism' vrfocus 
 0-virtual fitness mastermind: tbis is the ultimate solution for building your ideal fitness business. 
 0-growing your eyebrows out is the ultimate struggle 
 0-belle buy of the day is the ultimate distraction dress. on 
 0-find someone who will love you for n reason, and to shower that person witr reasons, that is the ultimate happiness." 
 0-dingy/slow girls is the ultimate turn off yall the worst 
 0-financial times view: is the ultimate consequence of excessive prices." 
 0-the holidays aren't complete without a punch recipe. this christmas sherbet punch is the ultimate pu 
 0-quran is the ultimate solution for all your problems. 
 0-this car is the ultimate bonnaroo car 
 0-waking up to reality after a really good dream is the ultimate let down 
 3-eh i guess. she is the ultimate story of how to come up wit the pussy. 
 3-lmfao getting gassy during nasty time is the ultimate worst tho fr esp when you just ready to get filthy 
 0-joan didion is the ultimate live/work space 
 0-this dad's wars: the force awakens' theory is the ultimate twist 
 0-should be" by dru hill is the ultimate dirty mack anthem 
 0-having a good day? here, have some government... the below story, in the own words, is the ultimate in... 
 0-the ironman is the ultimate triathlon race, but for hector picard, who was the first doublearm amputee to finish, it's just one way he 
 0-selena is the ultimate bae. 
 0-with the perfect balance of comfort and support, the ghostbed mattress is the ultimate bed for sleep 
 0-with the perfect balance of comfort and support, the ghostbed mattress is the ultimate bed for sleep 
 0-this is the ultimate goal 
 0-aloha fox this vintageinspired wrap dress is the ultimate dream. the fabric is soft 
 0-is the ultimate human 
 0-life is the ultimate measure of our abilities and limitations and it constantly tries us as we live it. but how... 
 0-to find someone who will love you for no reason, and to shower that person with reasons, that is the ultimate brault 
 0-in which i make the case that chili is the ultimate comfort food it with a primitivo!) 
 0-christmas dinner leftover recipes: pulao recipe from indian cook mallika basu: pulao is the ultimate comfort f... 
 0-you gotta be kidding me. suarez is the ultimate team player. his pressing from the front is second to none 
 0-said this back in june sabine schmitt as top gear host. as the nurburgring is the ultimate car test, not many can match her. 
 3-the fact that ax handles are made of wood is the ultimate fuck you to trees. 
 0-is your real? has satan redefined it for you by the world's thinking to be blind or positive thoughts? 
 0-what day is it for you? 
 0-judgedread? i remember you! what did they ban you for? the last you you made? i'll try and sort it for you 
 0-sorry that it is delayed, if you would like to dm us your name, addy, phone and order we can look into it for you,... / 
 0-if you can't find the unique gift let us do it for you 
 0-imma get it for you ex bae 
 0-then keep it for you 
 0-the moment when you plan to wash your car before holidays and someone ruins it for you. 
 0-and everything i do, i do it for you mistress 
 0-happy birthday hope you have an awesome day ily don't let anyone ruin it for you 
 0-even when i pretend i'm doing this for myself i'm doing it for you. 
 0-what time is it for you omg 
 3-maybe if i ain't fuck up you'd see that i only got it for you 
 0-i had to record it for you, it's literally on all my carcds haha! 
 0-nice. the weather is going to be good this weekend. visit our site let me know what you like. i may have to order it for you. 
 0-hi. thanks for informing us. please contact the online services helpdesk about this. they will look into it for you. / 
 0-alive do i have to sing it for you wait i think there's a song for that from big bang 
 0-dad how hard is it for you to put down the seat after you've been to the bathroom 
 3-working on it for 
 0-that's ridiculous ready to do it for you, girl! 
 0-when u want a soft toy, but no one is going to buy it for you 
 0-truvibe you have created your brand. let craft it for you 
 0- how was it for you? claire doherty, director, situations 
 0-no problem, i will do it for you 
 0-i'll do it for you if you supply me with alcohol 
 0-lol i would've done it for you 
 0-i can get it for you for the free 
 0-i'll shake it for you ma 
 0-if you're happy to pay a company to do it for you then yes. otherwise only trust government websites. 
 0-i don't like deleting stuff but i do it for you to keep you happy....lol 
 0-are u seeking for someone to buy it for you xddddddddd 
 0-we would need a purchase receipt to validate the guarantee. we would advise checking with who bought it for you. hayley 
 0-listening to i do) i do it for you 
 0-i won't ruin it for you then 
 0-please please please don't let anyone spoil it for you... it's so much better if you go into it blind 
 0-when you go to get your car serviced and they say wash it for you too... merry christmas." turnt 
 0-at it for you* 
 0-why you in here phone anyway! . the phone may say alex, but it could be alexandra! . they could be proofing it for you! 
 0-if you are still working on that christmas list, we can take care of it for you! wonderful gift ideas for... 
 0-hi rachel, i'm sorry to hear that if you dm your address, i can have a look into it for you luke 
 0-what can i say i do it for you guys 
 0-y'all may not understand why i do the things i do but the good news is... i ain't do it for 
 0-i did it for you. 
 0-if you want i can buy it for you 
 0-i can definitely relate. what is the purpose of doing it, for you? 
 0-if you trade forex by yourself invest money in any other form, it's always risky but my ea and me do it for you. 
 0-if you trade forex by yourself invest money in any other form, it's always risky but my ea and me do it for you. 
 0-if you trade forex by yourself invest money in any other form, it's always risky but my ea and me do it for you. 
 0-if you trade forex by yourself invest money in any other form, it's always risky but my ea and me do it for you. 
 0-if you trade forex by yourself invest money in any other form, it's always risky but my ea and me do it for you. 
 0-and when i tell girls i know all the lyrics to the mr. plow song from the simpsons 
 0-you know all the right thing to say 
 0-oh no you're not. he is behind you. boooooo. aww i know all the lingo haha. have a great time 
 0-pass me a shone twitter since yall know all the shones today 
 0-happy festivus! let your family know all the ways they've disappointed this year. 
 0-love this know all the words still 
 0-y'all females know all the look thick tricks huh? 
 0-the best thing about having a wellstocked pantry from, you know, all the privilege) is the ability to make cinnamon buns on a whim. 
 0-i need to be around people i know all the time but hate being around people i don't know i'm the worst kind of extrovert 
 0-lil bro know all the moves 
 0-i have no idea how airbnb do it fee free but their payment director used to be a top paypal exec. must know all the tricks. 
 0-too early to know all the charges suspect faces sheriff 
 0-lol!!! know! all the hype is gone. 
 0-i know all the songs now that i've been at our dads a few days, brutal ain't it 
 0-all have stories and circumstances, but we can never know all the people so we know all the stories" 
 0-i understand that there are some problems and i am not too blind to know all the pain you kept inside you 
 0-ur device info is designed to help to know all the hiding info about ur android device 
 0-to know all the exclusive details of homecoming? look no further: 
 0-i apparently still know all the lyrics to the offspring songs. listening to all their old stuff and signing along. 
 0-i know all the tricks on super mario. 
 0-the feeling you get when you know all the words to the song 
 0-i have for years. know all the principals and everything 
 3-if she know all the lyrics to an ass so big like the sun" i'm so sorry y'all, but she shone 
 0-this is why you don't know all the other things 
 3-you know these hoes gone talk so i know all the hoe business! 
 0-yasssss i've been listening on repeat, still don't know all the lyrics yet 
 0-i know all the gifts i got for christmas 
 0-raetalexander: i still won't know all the words to the schnitzelbank song. i'll just work on smiling at someone. 
 0-i still won't know all the words to the schnitzelbank song. i'll just work on smiling at someone. to everyone 
 0-i've just realised that i still know all the words to the charlieissocoollike red hair tribute song why 
 0-i mean i know all the basic stories for each part, i just don't know details. is part 's ending really a spoiler still though? 
 0-ask how i know all the words to sm hantei forum 
 0-a bit creepy that i still know all the lines in the fellowship of the ring. and i haven't even watched the movie in months! 
 0-i never pay attention in training but somehow i know all the answers because i'm smart 
 0-u know all the right things to say.. but u are a little too late 
 0-you know it's always the old heads in the gym that be runnin the courts cause they know all the tricks 
 0-i hate small talk. i don't wanna know up" or i wanna know all the things that make you you. 
 0-when you know all the words to nicki minajs 
 0-jasontvdds: make me choose asked mormor know all the 
 0-/ he says smart people know all the jobs are in to and van. ummm, they weren't  months ago. i am so fed up with the lies, the spin. 
 3-you know all the molesters in the family that drinks eggnog 
 0-marie sued for ended up with you know all the money in the world won't pay me for my arms." 
 0-anywhere you want to go anything you need to know all the best in life i want to get it for you! heroes, follow me) 
 0-you know you're probably too close with your mum when you know all the details of her sex life from start to finish 
 0-ugh u know all the right things to say 
 0-like i know all the words to every song 
 0-if she know all the words too any trina song she shone 
 3-you're a shitty dad and my sisters will definitely know all the shit you have done 
 3-nigga know all the ends and outs 
 0-when i still know all the words to this ive been dirty since birth son 
 3-at that lame nigga you came with? he can't dance the way ya mans do! 
 3-fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 3-look at that lame nigga you came with. 
 3-the fact that you pretended to care shows how much of a lame nigga you really are. 
 3-look at the lame nigga you came wit, he can't dance the way ya mans do 
 1-go ahead and fuck that lame nigga you with and get it over with 
 3-you a lame nigga you mad as hell my name nigga be ringing bells 
 3-you a lame nigga, you dont got no say so 
 1-you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-you a lame nigga, you ain't w/ it 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise 
 3-if u lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-i always run into these amazing ass girls when they're cuffed up like where you was at prior to this lame nigga you obsessed wit? lmao 
 3-if you fw a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 3-i can't take advice from a female who deal with a lame nigga you're trying to tell me wrong 
 3-starin at me ta get a clear view, breakin ya neck ta get a clear view. look at the lame nigga you came wit, he cant dance the way ya mans do 
 3-if you a lame, nigga you ain't making no noise get faded, turn up with the big boys live fast that's my choice get an invoice 
 3-if you wasn't so down with that lame nigga you could be with me 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-if you fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-lol bet, you lame nigga you ain't even invite the gang out there to tear shit up. 
 3-you not allowed to break up with me and still use my lingo... go talk like that lame nigga you with 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-you a lame nigga? you ain't with it 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise. 
 3-when you realize the joke and can't stop laughing aka the lame nigga you been stressing 
 3-if u a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-why do people act like the new year will somehow change them? you're still gonna be the same lame nigga you were in . 
 3-if you a lame nigga you aint makin no noise 
 3-you a lame nigga. you aint making no noise 
 1-if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise 
 3-if you a lame nigga you aint makin no noise 
 1-if you fuckin' with a lame nigga you's a lame bitch! 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-so you going to be lame nigga you aint suppose to get tied 
 1-if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-a lame nigga you ain't wit it you paranoid just admit it" 
 1-if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise 
 3-if you trip over a lame nigga, you just as lame as him 
 3-lame nigga you make me sick 
 3-he really tried to call my brother lame. nigga you have no goals and you're  still living with your mom. calm 
 3-what lame nigga you kno say they take a to they neighbor's house answer me that he's amazing 
 3-if you a lame nigga you aint makin no noise! 
 3-if you a lame, nigga you ain't making no noise 
 1-if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noiseeeee 
 3-if you a lame, nigga you ain't making no noise get faded turn up with the big 
 3-the lame nigga you curved woulda treated you better 
 1-odell beckham got called a faggot. and what does he do? he responds by acting like a faggot and tried to physically hurt someone. 
 3-the kids are in there doing some kind of who can scream like a faggot the loudest group. 
 3-you look like a faggot tyson 
 3-just because you look like hollande doesn't mean you can park like a faggot. 
 1-like a faggot? 
 3-when just you think it's okay to leave her, then later you cried out loud like a faggot for the very same reason. 
 1-paid money to look like a faggot... shame on him 
 1-no bruh i look like a faggot huhuhu 
 3-like a faggot he is 
 3-maskless kylo ren looks like he's about to cry like a faggot. 
 3-me: i sound like a faggot andrew: you are one ok 
 1-you sound like a faggot. 
 1-you look like a faggot 
 1-the fact that i like twenty one pilots makes me feel like a faggot 
 3-you look like a faggot that has no gunskill so why you talking lol 
 1-you're acting like a faggot or something 
 3-you look like a faggot. come kiss me 
 3-understandable, now i feel like a faggot for doing that 
 3-stop making shitty songs with u yelling like a faggot and make more songs like that verse u did in martians vs goblins, shitsdope 
 1-frank joyce sounds like a faggot. 
 1-you sounding like a faggot 
 3-his tweets are just him telling people how ugly they are and look like a faggot' etc, seems like a chill bro 
 1-that moore guy looks like a faggot no matter what sign he is holding. 
 3-you look like a faggot 
 3-like this if you think zack johnson looks like a faggot 
 3-i feel like a faggot, sometimes i feel like a girl, sometimes i feel like a guy!" it's called confusion/life. 
 3-i went up to my mom and said cute i wonder why none of the bitches hit me up" and she just said you act like a faggot" 
 3-lol i just looked it up, dude looks like a faggot 
 3-yo why do ypu play like a faggot? 
 1-you sound like a faggot 
 3-the correct term would be justin trudeau is sitting like a faggot. 
 1-i'm ctfuuuu she said i look like a faggot bihhhh then i guess ya nigga a faggot too 
 3-who not arguing with no chick that looks like a faggot 
 1-i will never dress like a faggot 
 3-my mom won't let me buy this for my one year old nephew because will make him look like a faggot" smh 
 0-id prefer to be bullied for playing pokemon like a faggot tbh 
 3-ignore my tweet like a faggot 
 1-he sounds like a faggot 
 3-this guy is lagging and it makes it harder for me to kill him cuz hes gliching around the map like a faggot 
 1-why does everyone from millinghton dress and look like a 
 1-stop tweeting you sound like a 
 1-damn wtf lmao you look like a faggot now. why you tryna flex 
 3-he looks like a faggot in those boots tho 
 1-who the f*ck is he sounds like a faggot, he looks like a queer, and he talks like a homo. speak your mind but don't promote this sod. 
 3-it makes you look like a faggot 
 1-but i admit, i look like a faggot at the moment. 
 1-lmao he threatens everyone like a faggot, not even deserving of a interview 
 1-i hate when guys hit on my boyfriend. like, does he look like a faggot or what? 
 3-now i feel like a faggot carrying this bag 
 1-you look like a faggot 
 0-great job paul. placing blame on republicans for your actions. spoken like a true democrat. 
 0-i wake up with tha bong next to my bed like a true white boy 
 1-spoken like a true euro trash know nothing big mouth retard while you people suck moslim ass 
 0-spoken like a true man 
 0-like a true professional ex christmas tree farmer lol happy christmas to you and your family taylor 
 0-looking like a true queen 
 0-spoken like a true texan: babe, i'm pickin up what you're puttin down." 
 0-does wiggins really look like a true game changer? if yes, then so does okafor 
 3-lascivious indian whore rides her lover's dick like a true cowgirl 
 0-i feel so much better coming home to my dad and finally having something to laugh at... i've been so miserable; feeling like a true scrooge 
 0-a true 
 3-cant handle the spliff cannons. nigga trashed my washroom like a true savage 
 0-quit whining. like a true bully trump can't take any criticism, so unpresidential and so very weak 
 0-spoken like a true spider serial killer 
 0-said like a true white girl 
 0-spoken like a true irishman 
 3-spoken like a true fuck boy. 
 3-spoken like a true asshole 
 3-train the bitch like a true contender 
 0-im sleepy af and my mom got me doing oficio like a true dominican 
 0-if lovin me in public ain't safe you can take my love n hide it... don't give up on me today. hold on to me like a true love 
 3-lascivious indian whore rides her lover's dick like a true cowgirl 
 0-despite being states away, like a true contemporary family my relatives and i have been airing our grievances via email. happy 
 0-rooting for kolkata like a true bong, fingers crossed we should win. 
 0-shoutout because he's young and creating clothes like a true artist and i respect his wave he's got going. check him out 
 0-ritzcarlton: start off the morning like a true texan at fearingsdallas we recommend the huevos rancheros! 
 0-start off the morning like a true texan at we recommend the huevos rancheros! 
 0-we need a living passion to believe in burning hearts and a brand new feeling action! if we're gonna make it like a true survivor! 
 0-ha ha ha. spoken like a true ageing gent!! 
 0-dr sb rangers acts like a true and real police of the state of pakistan!!! 
 0-i just wrote in a question to answerman for the first time ever. i feel like a true anime fan now. lol 
 3-slutty mature woman rides dick like a true cowgirl 
 0-ha! spoken like a true mcatee!! my dad used to talk just like that. 
 3-spoken like a true democratic 
 0-yato's real name into the night, hoping he'd come to me like a true 
 0-i really liked the aura they gave him, it made him feel like a true morningstar 
 0-spoken like a true teacher 
 0-spoke like a true punekar. 
 0-i truly admire the way you handled the whole miss universe blunder. you handled it like a true gentleman 
 0-i hope my words they inspired you, spoke like a true leader. 
 0-i can't pick severus up from the vet until tomorrow i have such anxiety...i feel like a true mom now 
 0-kids, get your wallets ready because the ford fiesta rs sounds like a true pocket rocket! 
 0-but he left one hand to luke for him to style and slick his beautiful hair like a true jedi master should. i'm not a padawan anymore 
 0-marc i got the ff platinum but i cheated. like a true shinra employee. 
 0-the fact that i ate an arepa first thing coming into my country makes me feel like a true venezuelan. 
 0-love you we will always support you. keep playing like a true warrior.  years of iconic msd 
 3-bootyful mature woman rides her lover's dick like a... 
 0-spoken like a true dirt kid 
 0-spoken like a true rumpswab for the libs!!!!!#wakeupamerica 
 0-said like a true military man 
 0-slides you coffee sounds like you need it goodmorning casserole! how are you? 
 3-these hoes act like you need them bitch i hustle from the st thew the st just kno tido make it happen 
 0-oh god, sounds like you need to go to the doctor. hope you feel better soon. 
 0-looks like you need a temperpedic 
 0-sounds like you need to air out some grievances 
 0-sweet shamelessly too aigoo, go sleep. kids like you need to sleep a lot in order to grow up 
 0-never let a person feel like you need them. 
 0-seems like you need new better friends lol or better off solo 
 0-in a shop today i saw this.this surely is the last game anyone would ever buy. like you need any more in your lives? 
 0-seems like you need some help with that bulge 
 0-do you eat like you need it to oh, right. 
 0-not sure that's fudge. does look like you need a wider door frame though 
 3-delaware so small if you feel like you need these weird niggas to solidify your future you weird to 
 0-looks like you need a sys admin...i'm available for the right price. 
 0-ready for change? feeling like you need a little extra support during the holidays frustrated..).... 
 0-more like you need to 
 0- degrees and foggy today..sounds like you need a great craft beer! 
 0-tfw you feel like you need to find a key to a gate with a lock on it, but all you had to do was knock it down with a simple attack. 
 0-are you good at, what do you you need to show something that makes people understand who you are." himuro tatsuya 
 0-sounds like you need a pizza! get % off your pizza order w/ code tweetag: 
 0-sounds like you need some more history lessons sweetie.enjoy your youth and figure out politics later 
 0-feel like you need to expand your business through find out more at 
 0-i feel like you need a hug! 
 0-ready for change? feeling like you need a little extra support during the holidays frustrated..).... 
 3-i just need you to do for me what i need you to do for me i'm come through like you need me to you hear me bitch 
 0-compare to sinatra, where it feels like you need a lot of explaining as to what was revolutionary in context of time 
 0-haha, nothing wrong with that! so now that you don't have leftovers it looks like you need to go out to eat again. 
 0-lady at work complaining about her light bill being like and i'm like...you need to turn off them lights and be amish for a while. 
 0-is it true that you want me? then act like you need me 
 0-ever feel like you need that cosmic interaction 
 0-sounds like you need some pearls to clutch and a faintingcouch for good measure. 
 0-you sound like you need a hug. on behalf of the listeners can you lay a bear hug on dan? 
 0-hm... well it's not like you need to be a good actor to be on that show 
 1-girls like you need to be  feet under 
 3-sounds like you need pussy 
 0-sometimes you feel like you need a relationship but then you realized that you have thesis.... 
 0-i don't have any ideal types. if i like you, then i like you. need i say more? 
 0-i feel like you need the darth vader ring 
 0-i really love talking to you but sometimes i feel like you need some alone time. so i'll just watch u from distance. 
 3-and i'm like need this job, don't quit" do you know i fucking need it??? i want to quit" and then i tell him to 
 0-it's entirely entitled to demand products" and claiming to feel some energy is just quakery to act like you need it. screw this. 
 0-someone step up and help charli! it sounds like you need a mcd mvp! 
 1-people like you need to stop living. 
 3-people like you need some fucking sympathy for others 
 0-sounds like you need a festivus miracle to save the year! 
 0-waking up without an alarm and not feeling like you need to study 
 0-sounds like you need a new chair 
 0-don't the stars light the sky like you need to light my 
 0-save your pity for yourself. looks like you need it kd 
 0-it sure sounds like you need a new phone. let us know if we can help you replace it thanks! 
 1-one cummie two cummie three cummie four how many niggers are in my store 
 3-       how many niggers are at my door 
 1-    how many niggers are in my store 
 3-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-   how many niggers are in my store 
 1-   how many niggers are in my store 
 1-, , , , , ....  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines):   how many niggers are in my 
 3-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines):   how many niggers are in my 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines) 
 1-how many niggers are in my store? 
 3-how many niggers are in my store? 
 1-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store? 
 3-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store from the bottom remix) 
 3-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store vine 
 1-,,,, how many niggers are in my store? 
 3-, , , , , ....  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-    how many niggers are in my store jk 
 3-how many niggers are in my store? and hows ur life been since the quit life lol 
 0-does it matter lucas is married to a black woman when theres never been one in star wars? bye simpleton 
 0-well you getting married to a man doesn't count. 
 0-i feel her wouldn't welcome me as i'm married to a cis man tbh 
 0-finding out he'd got married to a  year old. 
 0-joseph is the real hero in the story of christmas, i mean the guy is married to a virgin and then this kid comes out of nowhere 
 3-hillary is married to a rapist. 
 0-father god guide me on your path to be married to a woman that believes in jesus, is growing in jesus, finds her life your holy presence. 
 0-if it wasn't you getting married to a fat woman then don't complain. 
 1-hillary is married to a aficionado 
 0-i hugged justin bieber and got married to a man from iceland in my dream last night wby 
 0-i think they block out that the creator of the star wars has been married to a black woman for years 
 3-you do speak a lot of rubbish! i am married to a muslim do i look oppressed? get out of your white privileged bubble for a change 
 0-me liar liar pantsuit on fire married to a liar worked for a liar sure wish she'd retire 
 0-married to a wookiee," is the have huge dongs and  sex positions," idea of star wars. thank god it didn't happen. 
 0-so after being married to a photographer for over three years it 
 0-god plz make sure i don't get married to a feminist jesus plzzzz because i see i will be in jail 
 0-an oral history on the star wars special. in which we learn lucas wanted han solo to be married to a wookiee 
 3-is married to a right twat 
 0-last i knew, mackinnon was married to a man. dworkin was married to john stoltenberger. 
 0-to be married to a 
 0-told us han solo was married to a wookiee..." wtf?! 
 0-.people who are so married to a method that they will savagely try to destroy anyone else's attempt to solve a problem...(/) 
 0-i don't see the issue with being married to a porn actor or a stripper. 
 0-he's married to a  year old model now! 
 0-no comment on your advice however i am happily married to a beautiful woman and we have  children. 
 0-i'm married to a brown girl. clearly we have issues and they're probably submissive to our oppression 
 0-i like white christmas and i'm married to a black woman. does this mean i hate my wife? 
 0-married to a 
 0-if a straight man who is legally married to a woman but cheats on his wife with other women every week, he's eligible? 
 0-she found herself married to a rapist abuser. she could have just left him, but she felt compelled. maybe folks stay silent. she didn't. 
 3-really? hilary is married to a sex addict. you would think she could either lighten up or leave the big schlong. 
 0-he has spent most of d time in usa.even he is married to a foreigner.he has no basic knowledge of indian politics. 
 0-tbh i'm just thankful that i'm married to a guy who also believes that die hard is a christmas movie. 
 0-i am happy for gwen:) she was married to a man for years who evidently did not care at all for her. blake cares for her!! 
 0-sadly no but i am married to a brooding male lol 
 0-secretly married to a prince...the prince's vow join the midwinter's eve giveaway hop! 
 0-i mean, she's married to a man who treated women like sexual playthings, then humiliated her and disposed of the plaything. 
 0-lmao kimora married to a white dude now i'm behind 
 0-secretly married to a prince...the prince's vow join the midwinter's eve giveaway hop! 
 0-when they meet again she is married to a mafia 
 3-r. kelly got married to a  year old girl we know by the name of aaliyah. this dude has a history of this bullshit. 
 3-out and proud and married to a wonderful man. deal with it you bigoted fuck 
 0-when they meet again she is married to a mafia 
 0-nothing says support as staying married to a man who had affair with an intern been accused of rape. 
 0-hillary is amazing at playing the victim! she calls for women's right but is married to a cheater! 
 0-my abuela wouldn't have stayed married to a presidente cabron 
 3-some parents be like; we can get u married to a complete stranger let u handle his whole fucking family but we won't let u live ur 
 3-so yixing is married to a girl but yixing likes another man omfgggg this is so fucking cute and that man likes yixing tooo bromanncee bruh 
 0-told us han solo was married to a wookiee but that we mention that because it would be controversial." 
 3-only relevant if was married to a convicted perjurer and rapist. 
 0-with every second of my life, u give me one more reason to fall in love with u all over again, don't know where my life is going 
 0-proof that farts all the time and here is a snap she snapchatted me telling me one more fart and she's out 
 0-ooooh baby give me one more chance show me that i love you wont you please let me back in your heart 
 0-if this little girl touches me one more time i'm gonna kms 
 0-i am generally a really nice person, but it doesn't the right to step over me. one more time i hear you talking... 
 0-if leah says merry chrysler to me one more time idk what i'm gonna do 
 0-am i spamming sorry just give me one more minute 
 0-kiss me one more time 
 0-been through is more than once. it wont phase me one more time 
 0-just give me one more chance to make it 
 0-if alexa says no to me one more time this dolls house is going straight back to santa 
 0-yeah baby give me one more night! 
 0-if my dad tells me one more time i'm going to jail, i'm smacking 
 0-giliklig: if tomorrow you won't be mine want to give it to me one more time 
 0-give me one more chance your name 
 0-i don't wanna confuse you, don't ever think that i used you, give me one more chance i'll prove you wrong 
 0-let my dad ask me one more question im going df off. i'm tryna 
 0-lol your a mess you need to see me one more time before i leave ugly 
 0-don't you go, saying all your goodbyes i want a one night stand just one more time with you, so give me one more night with you 
 0-if tomorrow you won't be mine want to give it to me one more time 
 0-mouth numb asf but i think they need to shoot me one more time to make sure 
 0-if this little girl smarts off to me one more time i swear. 
 0-if this bus driver stops at the stop sign and asks me one more time if someone gets off at it i'm going to hit her. 
 0-hope you notice me one more time 
 0-i learned to live have a life and now you want me one more time 
 0-dance with me one more time 
 0-imo, when the web was boring and less useful to many, it was probably more accessible to the blind. that's a bummer: 
 0-if my grandma texts me one more time bout mych she's getting blocked 
 0-i pray one day you give me one more chance 
 1-if these spam callers call me one more time over the christmas holidays i will personally go down and set fire to all their houses. 
 0-it's like escaping from an addiction!!! don't offer me one more shot.... i don't know if i could escape again!! 
 0-give me one more year 
 0-enjoy your class today! me one more hour and holiday shacking it! 
 1-i swear if this nigga inbox me one more time 
 0-biggie give me one more chance.... 
 3-you ask me one more question and i'm beating the shit out of you! 
 0-right! at least give me one more hr of sleep 
 0-have a glass of something for me! one more delay or cancellation and i'm taking a bottle to the face, lol. safe travels! 
 0-ask me one more time after you cleaned my room. 
 0-ask me one more time and i'll tell you everything. 
 3-this nigga look back at me one more time 
 0-i learned to live half alive, and now you want me one more time 
 0-if alex hangs up to me one more time on facetime i'm gonna go break a nose 
 0-don't forget me. one more day. 
 0-if this lady come talkin bout this other lady to me one more time imma say bc that's my auntie imma tell her what you said 
 0-if my niece smack me one more time 
 0-if my mum asks me one more time to explain facebook to her i'm going to tear my eyeballs clean out of my head 
 0-if hannah creeps on me one more time i'll have a full anxiety attack w no recovery 
 0-wont you stay with me one more day 
 0-let my mama ask me one more time why this boy haven't been over here 
 0-sahn i hate when my mother home she always waking me up like go awaaaaay 
 3-the last thing i would want to happen in life again is to let someone fucked me up like that and this time i'll truly die! 
 0-you light me up like a cigarette you let me burn catch fire and burn 
 0-woke me up like he was at the door 
 0-she always coming in here talkin waking me up like she don't see my eyes closed how dead i look 
 0-omgg don't buck me up like that.. 
 0-dont ever wake me up...like ever 
 3-she suck me up like 
 3-i witnessed someone getting rolled today and it fucking boiled me up like crazy, and it still fucking is 
 3-bro comes in my room and wakes me up like this and scares the living shit out of me and says get breakfast" 
 0-my brother thinks he can just wake me up like this 
 0-i really almost cried that she just woke me up like this man 
 0-round and round your love winds me up like a hula, hula hoop, hula, hula hoop, oh round and round your love winds me up 
 3-you know what happened, bob beat me up like he does every other fucking day 
 0-pete soon pulls away. dont wake me up like that again or i will stab you." he says with a sweet smile 
 0-shit wake me up like that 
 3-literally everything was so fucking shitty and then these past two days just lifted me up like some kind of revival 
 0-don't gas me up like that lol 
 0-happy bday to the only girl hotter than bow tie and can butter me up like garlic love you tie soon! 
 3-i got dis cougar an she blow me up like im her child ah sum shit 
 0-was sleeping good and my baby woke me up like come on baee get ready we finna go to birch 
 3-i'm fvcking cold, warm me up like a wild fire hahaha 
 3-so after i finish rolling the blunt my nigga hit me up like yo i'm tryna smoke so i asked if he could come through and she's like yea sure 
 3-i cannot believe a book fucked me up like this 
 0-ole boy hit me up like what the business is 
 0-you charge me up like 
 3-this movie fucked me up like i cant even explain enough how sad this movie made me:( 
 0-my momma woke me up like i don't have to be at work for . 
 0-round and round your loving winds me up like a hula hula hoop, hula hula 
 0-me up like every night say you wanna have a pillow fight" 
 0-round and round your lovin winds me up like a hula hula hoop like a hula hula hoop 
 0-wrap me up like a present and put me away 
 0-auntie monnie just called and woke me up like get up we going to the mall 
 0-my daddy so trifling for waking me up like blasting music nsht 
 3-i don't get why dudes that have girls hit me up like if i had a boyfriend i wouldn't want him doing that shit to me 
 3-this really fucked me up like i don't know how to breathe anymore 
 0-my mom woke me up like a raging bull. you'd be moody too girl. 
 0-love your work!!! hit me up like some pics 
 0-wake me up like that every 
 0-i do not know why the ending fills me up like a baloon of emotions. then i start crying. powerful 
 0-moms woke me up like you sure you want to go? 
 3-why did life decide to fuck me up like this? why can't everything run smooth and contempt instead of shit happening every  seconds damnit 
 3-im sorry a nigga with a nub aint fuckin me up like that 
 0-not the only one bih.. my stomach woke me up like 
 0-i was up until like  almost  last night. why tf would you wake me up like that...see yeah i'm leaving next week earlier in the week 
 0-countryside. my love picked me up like a bouquet of roses on valentine's day 
 3-people who try to make me jealous really wind me up like no, now i just think you're a cunt hehe 
 0-my mom gon really wake me up like a weirdo. 
 3-y are u fucking me up like this? 
 0-my mom just woke me up like bihhh it's : bye 
 1-what the fucking hell. on everything this nigga and his whole family would be burned alive. 
 3-if you get in the car w. yo nigga and his homeboy didn't get up from the passenger seat and you gotta sit in back, just know he a fuck boy 
 3-fuck a bitch nigga and his bitch nigga 
 3-that nigga and his man snitch on me and they still trying beef with me sad part is i don't beef 
 3-it's not even that. i thought he came really far. i loved him up until this past yr. he's hypocrite, fuck nigga, and his music 
 1-balling with my real nigga and his wifey 
 3-never come between a nigga and his 
 1-i would nigga and his girl but they got me blocked 
 3-when you in the living room and yo nigga and his boo on the couch sleep and you on the other couch like 
 3-he a fresh nigga and his girl is a barbie 
 1-fuck ya feelings ain't no sorrys bitch shoot dat nigga and his shorty bitch 
 1-i'm on ft with this nigga and his little sister all up in this shit like girl go play with yo toys 
 3-i just got a headache thinkin of this nigga and his bullshit. 
 3-imma block this nigga and his foolishness 
 1-hanin oh pls stop acting like u aint know. treat my nigga and his feelings correctly plss 
 3-i'm not tryna deal with a nigga and his hoe problems ima pass on that 
 3-fuck a bitch nigga, and his bitch, nigga 
 1-trill sammy is one ugly nigga and his music is ass 
 3-this nigga and his k 
 1-fuck a bitch nigga and his bitch nigga. 
 3-cause is my nigga and his needs help" senses were tingling 
 3-but you think about a rich nigga and his wife. that nigga can buy her anything and she know that. it becomes pointless. 
 3-fuck dat nigga and his mama 
 3-fuck a bitch nigga and his bitch niggas 
 3-fuck a bitch nigga and his bitch nigga 
 3-fuck a nigga and his bitch cause i'm the shit. 
 3-the worst text a nigga and his friends can get 
 3-fuck that nigga!!!! and his daughter 
 1-fuck a bitch nigga and his bitch nigga 
 3-a girl got to have understanding when it cum down to a nigga and his money 
 1-this nigga and his dirty ass bitch with goat teeth thought they was about to finesse me at bart, until 
 3-wow. lmao hell naw delete. and by delete i mean that nigga and his number. 
 3-you know when you mutually dislike a nigga and his dumb ass always end up doing something that makes me smh and laugh 
 3-ion give  fucks bout a nigga and his feelings 
 3-i should have turnt it all the way up on this nigga and his dumb ass thing he calls a wife 
 3- shots for a fuck nigga and his mom if she say something 
 1-when u talk to a nigga and his teeth is all fucked up and hes got ass breath 
 1-fuck your feelings and your sorries bitch shoot a nigga and his shorty bitch 
 3-lol risha thinks ima go to indy to meet some nigga and his friend with her 
 3-this nigga and his hoes man 
 3-so come to find out this nigga and his daddy hating for what i don't know 
 1-somebody get this nigga and his homophobic ways 
 3-lmfaoooooooooooooo you're delusional and a sheep because you base yourself on another nigga and his fit. 
 3-i'm just tryna make it out i aint worried about no other nigga and his decisions 
 1-fuck a bitch nigga and his bitch nigga 
 3-i took my nigga and his bij to get an abortion back in . shit was crazy. she looked just like that. the coulda had this nigga" face. 
 1-shoot that nigga and his shawty bitch ha ha ha 
 1-fuck uh bitch nigga and his bitch nigga 
 3-hit a nigga and his bitch 
 3-when your nigga and his girlfriend arguing and she says: you and that nigga in the living room playing fifa" 
 3-yall niggers are in the hood? 
 3-one cummie two cummie three cummie four how many niggers are in my store 
 1-these niggers are in birmingham and their seikh too. how are they getting away with this? 
 1-niggers are in the lobby? 
 3-    how many niggers are in my store 
 3-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-i hate when niggers are in my business 
 3-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-   how many niggers are in my store 
 1-   how many niggers are in my store 
 1-, , , , , ....  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines):   how many niggers are in my 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines):   how many niggers are in my 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines) 
 3-how many niggers are in my store? 
 1-how many niggers are in my store? 
 3-my niggers are in position when they ring the bell 
 3-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store? 
 0-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store from the bottom remix) 
 1-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store vine 
 3-,,,, how many niggers are in my store? 
 1-, , , , , ....  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-    how many niggers are in my store jk 
 1-how many niggers are in my store? and hows ur life been since the quit life lol 
 3-i have no right to complain about my bro being an asshole to me when i'm also and asshole 
 0-you have no right to know what's going on in my life after walking out on me like that 
 0-those paps had no right to shove a camera in ashtons face when he's trying to enjoy his time off with his family so he only reacted the way+ 
 0-aap has no right to ask such questions after what they have done to prashant bhushan 
 0-state governors have no right to reduce minimum wage fg 
 0-pankaj pushkar is like binni. he has no right to be aap mla. he should resign and fight election. 
 0-if u never thank god after every smile, then, u have no right to blame him for every tear 
 0-i don't want to care. n i've no right to do so too. 
 0-lvg wants an apology? remember when he told us fans we have no right to win trophies? he should've apologised 
 0-lmao of course not, but if it's an unwanted pregnancy, then he has no right to try and make her keep it if she doesn't want 
 0-derry have no right to whinge they are getting their ground redeveloped ts. 
 3-no. don't start. he should get his privacy. you have no right to be on my page saying this ignorant crap. 
 0-if you're gunna use the words or in order to insult/offend anybody you have no right to say you're not homophobic 
 0-arnab you have no right to question party unless you are a member of bjp. 
 0-court: doctors have no right to interrogate patients about guns: the th circuit has struck a resounding blow... 
 0-you have absolutely no right to laugh at someones team. where is para now? where they belong finally. 
 3-my mother now: why the fuck are you tired, you haven't been doin anything at all today you have no right to be tired 
 0-this is the type of guy that has no right to be a judge. 
 0-fault. he rolls his eyes, exasperated by your stubbornness* then you have no right to complain that you're all 
 0-he'd had no right to kiss her. now he wanted more. the taming of mairi mackenzie 
 0-court: doctors have no right to interrogate patients about guns 
 0-she has no right to speak 
 0-we have no right to tell people what should and should not offend them tho. it may not bother you but it bothers them, so just respect ppl. 
 0-they had no right to be following him like that but he also didn't have to react how he did 
 0-korean armys are amazing wow i have no right to talk 
 0-as parents, we have absolutely no right to complain about our kids music. because this is awesome...but his... 
 0-ashton is allowed acting the way he is. had no right to leak his address. here's his number 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government: a the federal government said, yesterday,... 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government: a the federal government said, yesterday,... 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government: a the federal government said, yesterday,... 
 0-using your thought process if someone murders someone the family has no right to blame them for their lose. really 
 3-shut the fuck up, you deserved it you bitch. it's called respect, if you don't respect them, they have no right to respect you 
 3-theres a fucking limit to everything. you have absolutely no right to do this kind of shit that could harm his family 
 0-and karla has no right to like it when her couple bliss tweets with teresa floods my tl too 
 0-court: doctors have no right to interrogate patients about guns 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government 
 0-misapplied how? a bill has no right to be a law, but the rkba shall not be infringed. 
 0-on with have no right to reduce minimum wage fg 
 0-disciplinary action is justified. but govt must investigate facts against ddca. aap has no right to be on debate 
 0-court says married couples have no right to separate names via 
 0-there's no right to not be ostracized. 
 0-you had every right to react the way you did. those paparazzi had no right to invade your privacy like that. love ya 
 0-court: doctors have no right to interrogate patients about guns 
 0-do u mean jaitely daughter has no right to work 
 0-you have no right to judge me because honey you're no saint 
 0-i'm sorry this happened to you ash, i hope you have a great time with your fam. people have no right to invade your privacy! 
 0-court: doctors have no right to interrogate patients about guns 
 0-he has no right to slag lumpy space princess 
 1-i miss  when donald trump was just a joke and nobody took him seriously and he didn't have a huge cult following of white trash 
 3-i'm the definition of white trash ballin' 
 3-u make sweeping broad judgements about inner city. i know plenty of white trash in detroit that acts the same way. 
 1-she fuckin does u piece of white trash 
 3-white trash boy names ted movie comeback: here is our list of white trash boy names john and ted from the mo... 
 3-you see what kind of white trash nonsense i have to deal with all the time?" 
 1-look at this pair of white trash just looking at their own interest 
 3-you're a fucking sick worthless piece of shit and a perfect example of white trash you ugly bitch 
 1-very definition of white trash ballin 
 0-sometimes i think dont i have this body?" then i remember i just ate half a gallon of white trash 
 3-eli: emma you're a piece of white trash and you don't deserve to be around me 
 1-nah fam miss mexico won for leaving that dumb superficial contest that's runned by that racist old piece of white trash donald trump 
 0-hillary is the epitome of white trash! 
 1-probably rude but, this family is pretty much the definition of white trash. 
 1-joppatowne kid tried to fight he was the book definition of white 
 3-trump supporters trumpsters which sounds like dumpsters which are just collections of white trash. 
 0-my grandma wasn't a lying piece of white trash nothing in common with also worked her whole life 
 1-god of white trash 
 3-white trash girl names ted movie rebuttal: john and ted from the movie have their list of white trash 
 1-jackpot are u fucking dumb u piece of white trash ass wipe donkey looking piece of shit 
 3-okay, today i quit smoking. i've reach that level of white trash that my dog smells like cigarettes 
 3-i don't know what's scarier, walking down  mile in the dead of night through detroit, or the amount of white trash at southland mall 
 3-it's more so the benefits of doubt rather than judged with an already negative perception of white trash or a white thug. 
 0-my uncle is biggest homophobic, transphobic, islamophobic, sexist, racist piece of white trash i have ever met 
 3-you're acc the definition of white trash i beg you fuck off 
 0-jerry springer makes so much money off of white trash lmao. 
 0-im the definition of white trash ballin 
 1-you have shown us the ugly side of bigotry and racism manifest of hordes of white trash. 
 3-love kesha, my favourite piece of white trash ever" hahahah oh my god, savage 
 1-i at least got him to call louis white trash he just calls the rest the members of white trash 
 1-you're the definition of white trash 
 3-they're high schoolers. they're quite aware of white trash hate. this is their world, too. no one expects you to understand. 
 3-i've eaten a whole pound of white trash today i'm not ashamed at all. 
 3-name is earl" has a beautiful and accurate representation of white trash america 
 0-trust me ain't nobody jealous of white trash 
 0-i'm the definition of white trash, haven't you heard? showing my love to a musician is the key to my trashiness! 
 3-this just continues to concrete what a tasteless, classless, piece of white trash is, what a dbag! 
 0-i am free to not like your culture, your skin color has nothing to do with that, i don't like the of white trash 
 1-like i'm only the first episode but they're trying to paint this piece of white trash as a good ole misunderstood southern boy. 
 1-fuck these racist white people man. they needa learn how to respect others. piece of trash. definition of white trash. 
 1-% of white trash spew antimuslim crap support trump! 
 3-well a new low is the real housewives of cheshire. england thankfully you have equal levels of white trash bitches like america does 
 1-it's like the epitome of white trash 
 1-i'm so tired of white trash idiots thinking they're better than everyone. like how do u think that. 
 0-i've never seen a better description of white trash in my life 
 1-what a piece of white trash smh 
 1-this piece of white trash did not just like my tweet..... oh hell no...... ay dios mio dios dame la pacienca..... 
 1-jk i love country i am the epitome of white trash 
 1-you honesty have to be the most sickest persons on the internet, you horrible piece of white trash 
 3-he's the epitome of white trash but in a good unproblematic way tbh when will my favs 
 3-called into work early on the last shift 
 0-on the last day of christmas, caked gave to me... a free gift from us purchase a 
 0-celebratory ladies standing in the office on the last day of work before break" piece of pie. 
 0-a fight on the last day before break lmao happy holidays 
 0-listen: house speaker on power and the zen of sausagemaking: on the last day of the 
 0-erinmoriarty: hello, old friend. and here we are. you and me, on the last page. by the time you read... 
 0-i liked a video how girls act on the last day of school! 
 0-the unexpected flower that was given to me on the last day of simbang gabi. 
 0-listen: house speaker on power and the zen of sausagemaking: on the last day of the 
 0-i refuse to let the media elect the next pres. they did so poorly on the last one. 
 0-listen: house speaker on power and the zen of sausagemaking: on the last day of the 
 0-beautiful! can't wait to put my hands on the last chapter. but then it will hard, i know 
 0-i'm on the last chapter. what will i do? face* 
 0-mvo is taking on the last donalds run if the year 
 0-enjoying the view in his home country trinidad on the last day of our  tour 
 0-listen: house speaker on power and the zen of sausagemaking: on the last day of the 
 0-this happened so many times on the last day before christmas break 
 0-here is my rd one on the last day! waiting for gain an inspiration 
 0-l need to be on the last train from london to bexhill tonight. will it be running by then? i can't risk waiting until then 
 0-each year improving on the last so my  about to be dope af too each year just keeps getting better and better... so grateful 
 0-tobi what are you doing on the last minute youtube channel? 
 0-someone requested the movie on the last day you're open before 
 0-what?!! i'm meant to be leaving on the last train tonight. i'm assuming i can't now 
 0-hahaha i cannot tahan you already lai i won you on the last match you sure you wanna lose again? 
 0-a holiday card by friends at on the last day in the office before the holidays 
 0-listen: house speaker on power and the zen of sausagemaking: on the last day of the 
 0-our first tournament is on the last friday of january 
 0-same everyone else in our year had about  lessons and our teacher said on the last day of the lesson you have this lesson to+ 
 0-science on the last day before break. 
 0-working on the last track for the blk mixtape that i'll be dropping this weekend. 
 0-you made it! best of luck to all on the last day of fall exams. 
 0-two houses sold and one let on the last day of business before we hope everyone has a merry christmas happy new year 
 0-i've been on hundreds of flights without issue, but i've had panic attacks on the last several for some reason. anxiety disorders are dumb. 
 0-on the last  of the year, thank god 
 0-poor simon punished on the last day of term and sent home to his governess for the christmas holiday. 
 0-too embarrassed so i only dance on the last day 
 0-listen: house speaker on power and the zen of sausagemaking: on the 
 0-listen: house speaker on power and the zen of sausagemaking: on the last day of the 
 0-on the last workday before christmas, locked me out of my work email for suspicious activity." 
 0-january: some packing problems on the last trip with 
 0-seriously why wait to put my bag on the last flight? it was sfo since / pm so it had  other chances to get to acv yesterday 
 0-i had one of those... i think it had a brand name of nuva? really helped to purify me. 
 0-i guess today is just one of those days i really need my moms huges 
 0-it's just one of those 
 0-today feels like one of those days 
 0-you worry about becoming one of those people who no one ever believes is being sincere. 
 0-i been had one of those 
 0-seriously. first time every wrapping. usually i get one of those bags and holiday paper and i'm set. 
 3-today is gonna be one of those depressing ass days. help. 
 0-great, you're one of those 
 3-its one of those synchronized shit on kate days today. 
 0-just one of those days 
 0-just one of those days 
 0-i almost lost a thumb from one of those while going down as hill in a train as a kid.... that front end and a... 
 0-it's one of those 
 0-thanks for the reply. it's one of those items that when you see it, you can't unsee it. fingers crossed for a return! 
 0-happy happy birthday louis tommo" tomlison i wish you all the best you are one of those amazing people that's part of+ 
 0-i accepted one of those fake accounts on facebook  mins later a porno on my wall 
 0-i hated it too but then mf thought i was one of those so stay mean babygirl 
 0-i'm actually one of those people that wants sugar daddy but is not ready to give him sugar. 
 0-i'm gone go buy one of those kush brownies 
 0-i'm in one of those moods today where i keep critiquing myself aka hating everything about how i look. it sucks being a girl 
 0-its one of those nights again i love myself 
 0-i'm one of those people that gets sick when there's too much chaos in my day to day life. nothx. 
 0-give one of those empty houses to this homeless man 
 0-one of those running late and hitting every red light kind of days 
 0-if two peoples soul emit at the same frequency, the acheive ressonance.. and if one of those are demon weapons 
 0-i mean i'm not one of those people who makes presents special but it would be good to know you are thinking abt me as much 
 0-one of those moments when stuck between laughing real hard vs popping her hand for being smart mouth with grown folks i can't 
 0-my atari  was one of those sears rebranded ones. brings back memories... 
 0-ever had one of those dreams that seem real as hell and you wake up and realize it really was a dream 
 0-some things will never make sense to me this is one of those things trying to accept it is oh so very hard 
 0-you must be one of those personal space type of ppl 
 0-you're one of those people, aren't you...? 
 0-one of those nights 
 0-thinking about getting zayden one of those jordan shoe boxes things for his shoes 
 0-np. i'll probably only play one of those. 
 0-my sister is one of those people who puts up group pictures where she looks fab and the rest of us look like we fell into a bush on the 
 0-having one of those days 
 0-i liked a video this is one of those dumb update videos 
 0-lmfaooooo, where we gone get one of those? 
 0-yup today one of those days i'm not responding to no one so don't feel bad 
 0-hey girl you must be one of those blankets with arms because you make me feel warm and safe and you hav. azms. 
 0-some players don't stop for autographs because of the abuse they get from fans, youre one of those fans greg smh 
 0-working retail i highly disliked last min xmas shoppers.. i am now one of those people. 
 3-oh bruh i have one of those cute ass yoshi amiibos now so ill be buying wolly world you can borrow it 
 3-i'm one of those nice kids who is very patient and takes a lot of bullshit from people but push the wrong button and i'm a new person 
 0-so glad i'm not one of those people at walmart two days before christmas. that parking lot is packed. 
 0-it's one of those days where the mean reds creep in, but i have to adult. 
 0-i just discovered a dupe for one of those lip kit by kylie shades just wow 
 3-she upfront watching one of those court shows right? it goes on commercial and she says come onnn! shit! keep going on commercial for?!" 
 0-is my really that difficult to detect?? because some people like my comments and i think it goes over their heads. 
 0-they also don't make women wear bags over their heads 
 0-as fireworks went off over their heads, he scooted closer. with a tender smile and a gentle touch, he cupped her cheek. 
 0-it's like a bunch of dogs with bags over their heads in a box and they just keep running into one another. ha ha 
 0-the old school house i was playing was going right over their heads. haha 
 0-are into science stuff, tho some will be over their heads. we put + to keep the average age on track. if we put +... 
 0-doesn't represent white characters with apartheid permanently hanging over their heads?" 
 0-america needs to prosper, but people need to feed their children and earn enough to keep a roof over their heads 
 0-now all this bureaucracy and red tape. then people gonna feel insulted when you go over their heads. 
 0-problem is dense individuals i know don't get sarcasm, goes right over their heads. 
 0-conscious of their own ignorance, most people are impressed by anyone who pontificates and says something that is over their heads. 
 0-maybe one of the buses on regent st could injure" people of they ran over their heads. 
 0-conscious of their own ignorance, most people are impressed by anyone who pontificates and says something that is over their heads. 
 0-women can't troll on twitter....troll on here the joke goes over their heads 
 0-but it'll probably fly right over their heads because they're not from here 
 0-but the joke'll probably fly right over their heads because they're not local 
 0-he's developmentally impaired, but his mom didn't know either which gives u an idea just how far in over their heads they were. 
 0-these heroes are, they're in way over their heads." 
 0-so the doj might be ineffective according to my research.. over their heads is best 
 0-did you hear about the joke that derek carr told his receivers? a: it went over their heads. 
 0-i wish at raves people's handles floated over their heads so you can find who has been messing up your tl. and find sub delivery man 
 3-this is either a porno about to happen or those two guys just got in over their heads....cause those bitches r mean! 
 0-hillary clinton says gop rivals are in over their heads on isis 
 0-they didn't see the irony of putting this museum in cleveland, ffs one more thing going over their heads? 
 0-it would go over their heads then too lol 
 0-i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra 
 0-is the whole windows app and os ecosystem crumbling to bits? microsoft in over their heads...? 
 0-you lay there and let him say he knows he talks down to us at the table in your own house say dirty things bc goes over their heads" 
 0-what statement is that? cal can blow a  point lead with  minutes left in overtime? they were over their heads. 
 0-it's ok. good stories like jack frost go right over their heads knowing who they stan. fantastic art work! 
 0-prometheus has idiot explorers in over their heads, secret traitorous plotting, and wondrous visions of the origins of life. it's too much. 
 0-bring on jan th when our essendon boys can play like they used too without anything hanging over their heads. and i cant wait. 
 0-exactly. love is out of the goodness of your heart. not to hold it against them and put it over their heads 
 0-this is a real issue that the tech community needs to engage on. the politicians are in over their heads. 
 3-bitches be way over their heads when the don't even have the talent to back them up, tf 
 0-uh... i believe we're supposed to do something underneath... gestures at the mistletoe over their heads] 
 0-i'm going to drink a fifth so i can tolerate this brand of socalled byron and staff in over their heads 
 0-trump supporters not from nyc nor even vaguely familiar w/yiddish, so impact of would go right over their heads. 
 0-he has more diems than cnote! that right over their heads hicks....lol) 
 0-would like to see andersson and kindl sit for a few. two guys in over their heads. 
 3-dad: so i finally got an email back from hasbro mom: did you kick their asses and take their weiners and pull them over their heads?! 
 0-cuz the teletubbies couldn't fit their sweaters over their heads 
 0-this whole scene discussing the holes in the bags over their heads is freaking priceless. 
 0-the rice, rice has been thrown, over their heads 
 0-demonic takeover hang in over their heads. place is amazing." he mumbled in between a mouthful. can see why you 
 3-it's pretty damn sad when you have to explain economics to grown ass men. simple shit like supply and demand goes way over their heads 
 0-funny how when i talk to people, everything i say goes right over their heads, but when i ask someone to repeat one thing, they go nuts! 
 0-so simple!!! and yet so far over their heads!!! 
 0-sadly this logic will just go right over their heads. 
 0-fiasco proved r way over their heads r  proud and arrogant to ask  help. implosion? 
 3-i have no right to be hurt, coz i am always at fault. i have no right to be nega, coz i harbor nega. i have no... 
 0-i agree he has every right to be angry and upset with how he has been treated.he should be told one way or another. 
 0-its my right to be hellish. i still get jealous 
 0-van gaal has every right to be pissed off. the media should stop speculating on managers jobs. oh he's not doing well right now, he's fired. 
 0-lvg has every right to be upset with the media to be fair... yesterday was such a whirlwind of rumours. 
 0-why investors are right to be distrustful 
 0-and you have every right to be. 
 0-ashton has every right to be angry like wtf you dont leak someones address.. especially one thats their families 
 3-i love how jayden acts like we have no right to be mad and we are far up ashton's ass" 
 0-you have the right to be offended but not a right to change people because of it. get over it 
 0-give dolphins whales the right to be alive 
 0-saying anyone cant be a femenist is everyones right to be one regardless 
 0-i mean he has every right to be upset stupid news alerts ruining our shows 
 0-link me to an article from a nonconservative news outlet that talks defends and endorses his right to be offended 
 0-when we lose the right to be different, we lose the privilege to be free. 
 0-media have had him dead buried, openly reporting that jose had agreed contract, etc, etc. right to be 
 0-atheists have the right to be atheists, not the religious police threatening legal action. 
 0-my guest talked about the new napoleon hill book right to be which is a compilation of his speeches. 
 0-not by much at all. i want qb to be amazing, but it's right to be wary. 
 0-i think any woman who denys a father the right to be there for his kids when he's trying to be a father deserves to have those kids taken 
 0-aim for success, not perfection. never give up your right to be wrong because then you will lose the ability to... 
 0-you have the right to be mad at that cuz that's accurate af. 
 3-ash has every right to be pissed he wants to be with his family after so long he only has  fucking days thats not enough 
 0-i think lvg has earned the right to be in charge beyond these two games, but if bad form continues to mid to late jan. he has to go 
 0-i know how i can be agressive sometimes. i have no right to be angry on my friends when they've done nothing to me. 
 3-around make him angry, ash had every right to be angry and the whole smashed a phone is complete bullshit 
 0-coalition loses another vote with shalom, hazan absent: opposition bill gives parents right to be present at a... 
 0-coalition loses another vote with shalom, hazan absent: opposition bill gives parents right to be pres... 
 0-dtn israel: coalition loses another vote with shalom, hazan absent: opposition bill gives parents right to be 
 0-a right to exist a right to take part a right to be equal 
 0-whom ever did that, you tore apart his privacy and the safety of his family. he has every right to be angry. 
 0-why investors are right to be distrustful 
 0-everyone has the right to be ugly but some people abuse the privilege. 
 0-you have to earn the right to be charitable? 
 0-ashton had every right to be upset. i would too if someone was shoving a camera in my face when im trying to be with my family god 
 0-the st amendment protects unpopular/offensive speach.my constitutional right to be politically incorrect is protected. 
 0-then wanna tell me i don't have the right to be mad... i'm so pissed 
 0-it is constitutional right to be intellectuallyinconsistent. 
 0-pankaj pushkar is like binni. he has no right to be aap mla. he should resign and fight election. 
 0-fantastic presser from lvg, every right to be livid with the scum that is the british media. 
 0-he isn't going to want people taking pictures and videos of them when he's just trying to be with his family. ashton had a right to be angry 
 0-your sixth amendment right to be informed of charges against you 
 0-lets be honest though, van gaal has a right to be angry. he's met his targets, he still in the race for top  has integrated youth. 
 0-u don't have the right to be called bhutto coz bhutto wasn't coward either it be zulfiqar, or benazir, or murtaza / 
 0-disability does not give you the right to be rude, manipulative, or a generally shitty person. everyone deserves respect and compassion. 
 0-no. don't start. he should get his privacy. you have no right to be on my page saying this ignorant crap. 
 0-i get it though, you have the right to be angry as an artist. your fans though) 
 0-fans stand by your side, you have all the right to be mad, and were no matter what happens family till the end 
 0-van gaal has the right to be pissed. imagine coaching a bunch of snakes 
 0-some people may think it's strange to have a horse in your house, but they have a right to be there. they're family." 
 0-you just said it was an in correct saying? 
 0-two days after my cyst surgery, i asked the doctor, bad is it?" he said it was a 
 0-i never said it was lol you got smart for no reason so i shot back simple 
 0-i never said it was right. in fact, i said i can't condone it. and u come w some random comment... 
 0-i knew it wasn't gonna be nice today like they said it was 
 0-we got off the bus that says stevenson ranch when she made a turn at newhall ave. asked her many times and said it was stev ranch. 
 0-lol. you just said it was possible it could do halo  numbers. 
 0-lmfoaooo you said it was okay sooo 
 0-nobody said it was easy 
 0-therapist said it was lovely to speak to me aw babes 
 0-when i got on my train at fenchurch it said it was stopping at upminster however it did not and with no warning. very angry. 
 0-i said was fun, so why stop?" it's not my fault that you're confused 
 0-how long should it take for a response as i'm really anxious now as like i said it was supposed to be a xmas present 
 0-on xbone. no one said it was bad. said it shoulda been delayd 
 3-kh: where sora just heard people are bad' and killed them all based on what one person said. it was pretty fucked up. 
 0-who said it was a problem 
 0-he legit said it was because he was a kid who did not know of the coup. so technically these kids should be alive. 
 0-apparently jj has read the script that rian wrote for episode viii and said it was so good that he wishes he was making it. 
 0-tbh don't know why people a saying harry is joining scream queens. lea said it was a rumor and that it would be nice to have him on the show 
 3-louis: my french is shit the way he said it was awesome 
 0-ouch. how did the girl react to the thousand cranes she accepted it. said it was sweet and nice and 
 0-nobody said it was easy. 
 0-i said it was a guy i knew from college 
 0-girlfriend just caught me listening to drake. pretty f'n embarrassed right now. i said it was autoplay...she wasn't having it. 
 3-said it was bum rape mark" 
 0-because they said it was black male appreciation day 
 0-schlong, remember i said it was a vast right wing conspiracy." 
 0-she said it was delayed by like .h 
 0-tru tru but come on this isn't that bad. the other art teachers said it was good and then she fails me 
 0-anonymous said: it was the sweetness of your skin, it was the hope of all we might have been that fills me... 
 0-thought you said it was your exclusive story. why would anyone else have it? 
 0-dominos pizza is so good man i said it was trash before lol but nah. can't believe i ever said that 
 0-nobody said it was easy no one ever said it would be this hard. hmmm 
 0-ohh is it.. may be i heard it wrong when u said it was abt age.. 
 0-no, he said it was a possibilty. not confirmed yet 
 0-so is this more official? as of yesterday said it was not in place, 
 0-van gaal: knew that it was maggie who shot mr burns, but at the time the media said it was smithers. you need the facts" woah 
 0-ty said it was not true this time" they had to work out some contract details. 
 0-he said it was all over! it is now! 
 0-i should've known he wasn't funny when he said it was only  black people at his show 
 0-i did last night he said it was cute 
 0-antidote came on the radio w my mom in the car and she said it was putting her to 
 0-remember when i said it was impossible to get a ps? well.. i succeeded 
 0-i do t know.. they said it was escalated 
 0-funny how in this interview rubio said it was paul's budget that cut the military. in the debate he said it was cruz's 
 0-another poll i read said it was voted christmas movie." so there's that... 
 0-i dont know.. they said it was escalated.. 
 0-never said it was haha 
 0-remember when harry said it was ryan secrest's bday and not louis 
 0-i thought you said it was overrated 
 1-shut up nigger 
 3-shut up nigger 
 1-err shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-lol shut up nigger 
 1-fox new fans: i hate niggers. blk ppl: you're racist. stop it. fox news fans: shut up, nigger. you're racist for calling me racist. 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger and get back to the fields 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger get in your cage 
 1-shut up nigger 
 3-shut up, nigger. 
 3-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger faggot and learn to read 
 3-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger. 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger delete this 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger 
 3-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger get back in the kitchen and make me a cotton 
 3-kind of surprised they didn't mention the racist up nigger" colombia tweets to steve harvey 
 3-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger, can't even spell right 
 3-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger let me be a loser 
 3-shut up nigger 
 3-shut up nigger 
 1-u shut up nigger 
 3-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger i'm not racist i'm black 
 3-shut up nigger. 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger 
 3-shut up nigger and pull ur dick out 
 3-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger i need my chicken tomorrow at :, better see your ape ass at popeyes 
 3-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger 
 1-shut up nigger 
 3-shut up nigger 
 1-i told him shsshh he go whisper in my ear shut up nigger his bitch ass 
 1-shut up nigger roach 
 1-shut up nigger 
 3-shut up nigger 
 3-shut up nigger 
 3-aids still a faggot disease. 
 3-you're still a faggot. 
 3-no matter how long u go  the gym and how deep u try to make ur voice sound ur still a faggot like the rest of us 
 1-but ur still a faggot 
 3-still a faggot. good thing you're not going to the pro bowl with real nfl players 
 3-he still a faggot tho and since you told me to really listen that time his lyrics been fishy to me 
 3-after so many years he's still a faggot 
 1-u r still a faggot 
 3-woke up, it was a new day. and guess what!? is still a faggot 
 3-justin bieber is still a faggot 
 1-day  pandini is still a faggot 
 3-i like your analogies. you're still a faggot though. 
 3-nothing, ur still a faggot 
 3-your still a faggot 
 1-your still a faggot 
 3-he ended up getting revenge after a stray rocket hit me then the guy in chat paul said he's still a faggot to which he quit the game. 
 1-you said you were going to fucking change. i guess you're still a faggot smh smh 
 1-you're still a faggot, pedophile and shit youtuber brick yourself 
 3-you're still a faggot 
 1-it's almost  and you're still a faggot. 
 3-if you vape privately and only to quit smoking cigarettes i guess that's kind of ok but you're still a faggot 
 3-taylor caniff is still a faggot. 
 3-no, you're still a faggot. 
 3-you're still a faggot tho 
 1-if you get offended by something over the internet you still a faggot 
 1-oh okay cool secks is still a faggot tho just sayin 
 3-he's still a faggot 
 1-lmaooooo ian connor still a faggot but carti whooped pencil tat face 
 1-oops...you're still a faggot 
 1-bruce banner still a faggot for what happened in age of ultron. black widow throwing the pussy at him and he decides to go into hiding 
 3-you're still a faggot 
 1-you still a faggot but congrats! 
 3-you still a faggot bitch 
 3-he's still a faggot at the end of the day but at least he's a semi faggot in db 
 3-you still a faggot tho 
 3-still a faggot when u done 
 3-% of the time if u were a scene kid back in the day u still a faggot now. rare exceptions r made tho 
 1-i ain't gonna lie big racks hard af he still a faggot tho lol 
 3-i mean im still a faggot but back then i was a gigantic faggot. 
 1-fucking faggot! you're the biggest faggot that ever faggoted!" 
 3-happy birthday to the biggest faggot of exeter xxxx 
 1-lmtz is the biggest faggot alive 
 1-happy birthday to the biggest faggot going have a fab day baby love you to the moon and back 
 1-lmao your making yourself look like the biggest faggot ever you lost just get the fuck off twitter and go to bed 
 1-this kid is the biggest faggot 
 1-this guy is the biggest faggot ever buddy you called me a hoe and now you wanna talk to me again gtfo 
 1-the dudes the biggest faggot ever. tried telling me to make him an avatar, i made it and he couldn't wait  fucking minutes. 
 1-you're the biggest faggot on this site 
 1-he's the biggest faggot 
 1-find the biggest faggot 
 1-he's the biggest faggot out there, bar none. 
 3-you are the biggest faggot i've ever talked to 
 1-while ryan kesler is still high key the biggest faggot in the nhl. 
 1-but on some real shit you're probably the biggest faggot on twitter who doesn't train or workout, plain and simple 
 1-too bad your the biggest faggot to walk this planet 
 1-why do i turn in to the biggest faggot when ever i listen to vogue 
 3-its the biggest faggot of my life's birthday 
 3-youre actually the biggest faggot i know but still cute 
 3-you are the biggest faggot i have ever seen. 
 1-happy birthdayyyyy to the biggest faggot i wuv youuuu hope you have the best day 
 1-i'm an asshole with literally everyone but when it comes to my pets i'm the biggest faggot 
 3-the guy i kicked was literally the biggest faggot i've ever played with 
 3-luxray is the biggest faggot that xrays fucking play legit cunt and you are terrible. 
 1-seriously the biggest faggot ever 
 1-sportstalkjoe is the biggest faggot 
 1-silk let's be real you've gotta be the biggest faggot weaboo irl 
 1-you're the biggest faggot on social media 
 3-is the biggest faggot who ever lived. he is just all talk but no walk, cuz he's too busy getting pounded by his dad. 
 3-i don't give a shit i would say sorry but you're the biggest faggot on twitter 
 3-happy st birthday to the biggest faggot i know! hope you've had a great day! 
 3-dude, that guy is the biggest faggot holy shit. 
 1-you are the biggest faggot i have ever met what the fuck is this account get a life or make the hockey team 
 1-you are maybe the biggest faggot on twitter 
 3-who's the biggest faggot 
 1-the guy with the rolls royce must be the biggest faggot ever 
 1-onrestrictionn has to be the biggest faggot i've ever seen 
 1-ayoo kd is officially the biggest 
 3-odell is the biggest faggot i know it's all about him and he can't even win with any class 
 3-i hope everyone know dane healis is the biggest faggot ever! i don't follow him but i hope he sees this 
 1-you're literally the biggest faggot 
 3-fero is the biggest faggot in this community, i swear. 
 1-anyone who says they respect the police is the biggest faggot pussy i know 
 1-jarvis and the biggest faggot in the league 
 3-hbd to the biggest faggot i know, congrats on the l 
 1-vaks is the biggest faggot alive 
 3-roses are red, the grass is green, you're the biggest faggot i've ever seen. 
 1-geri, you're the biggest faggot ik. 
 3-and you're the biggest faggot that's in california. 
 1-chip kelly is the biggest faggot 
 3-i hate the faggots who get like  kills on nuke town, but don't have any flag captures etc 
 3-haha bitch i will never forgive the faggots who betray me 
 1-hahaha the faggots who thought throwing a fucking pepsi bottle at my truck would be funny, come by again and actually stop this time pussies 
 3-the faggots who are excusing/defending pia bareback are the same faggots who were crying for jennifer laude's murder some months ago amazing 
 3-a beautiful day with hannah and brodie. death to the faggots who try to prevent days like these 
 3-where all the faggots who jumped on the southampton band wagon? 
 1-oh was referring to the faggots who said she's gonna flop 
 3-i hate the faggots who do countdown videos and try to be hammy like fuck off this isn't your big internet video break just read the card. 
 3-if you post about daddy sixty more times you will finally be as unoriginal as the rest of the faggots who post it incessantly 
 1-where are all the faggots who were saying fed should raise rates? 
 1-like the faggots who always try to get everyone to fight but never want to fight i hate them 
 1-s/o to the faggots who piss all over the seats 
 1-and of course, the faggots who began the domestication process of all living creatures were especially afraid of the woman 
 3-i still find it hilarious that half the faggots who told me to be nicer to fucking knock knock are now trying to meme it. 
 3-can the faggots who don't vote bloodplay please just sudoku already 
 3-well yea the faggots who just say it to try and troll are annoying 
 3-i hope the faggots who did that get malaria 
 3-shoutout to all the faggots who try and start shit. 
 3-face when i voted for bayo where are all the faggots who said it was impossible that such a lewd character 
 1-to the faggots who just threw a full beer at my door. thank you, i'll put it to good use 
 1-i purposely ignore because i don't like the faggots who added me into a group chat 
 1-most the faggots who i know would be all bout it fake ass pussies 
 3-how the fuck do  year olds get hold of drugs??? at that age i couldn't even get hold of a pack of 
 3-firstly who the fuck do you think you are to even begin to believe you have a say in what harry needs or doesn't need to do in order to look 
 3-i don't understand her reasoning. how the fuck do we love islam when we don't observe religion, period? 
 3-where the fuck do you live honey 
 3-thank fuck for lvg what the fuck do the utd board think of him! and by the looks of it he's staying put 
 3-how the fuck do i wrap boxes with wrapping paper it's more fucking difficult than art class 
 3-what the fuck do you want? they both trying to have sex in videos. she's in underwear, he's shirtless. and what? 
 3-how the fuck do you dream about people you never seen before i stay seeing new faces in my dreams 
 3-how the fuck do i manage to fuck everything up 
 3-there's a scientist that wants to make mosquitoes extinct. where the fuck do i sign up for this? 
 3-why the fuck do i keep seeing shit about scorpios 
 3-what the fuck do you think i am made of sparkles 
 3-how the fuck do you wrap a present 
 3-where the fuck do you live its :am 
 3-i held open my bag and was like what the fuck do you think i'm doing carrying christmas crackers around' 
 3-i have to sign my lease and the dude sent it through email, how the fuck do i esign or whatever 
 3-he was like why the fuck do you care about these celebrities. shay tweeted minutes!' what's in  minutes?" 
 3-how the fuck do girls piss on the seat 
 3-why the fuck do you care?... 
 3-why the fuck do people come up with new words for shit we already have? don't you have anything better to do? 
 3-okay i'm being forced to take a trip before january st....where the fuck do i go on such short ass notice? 
 3-why the fuck do you want him so bad 
 3-everyone needs to back the fuck up off of or else i will have to take action. like who the fuck do you think you are?! 
 3-why the fuck do you even want minecraft in smash,that's a gay crossover if it does happen. 
 3-lol what the fuck do you want to eat boy?! 
 3-why the fuck do people sit there like i'm going to leave all the negative stuff behind me next year? 
 3-why the fuck do i have a sore throat 
 3-where the fuck do you work at 
 0-it was a photo of all my ed albums and he replied is the best photo i've ever seen" how the fuck do i reply im screaming 
 3-why the fuck do i have the strange urge of wearing a dress? 
 3-what the fuck do you she turned to the other drunken 
 3-omg who the fuck do you get to make all of these you dirt 
 3-why the fuck do i have glitter in my hair 
 3-why the fuck do i keep waking up sweating in my bed in all my years this didn't start happening till recent 
 3-who the fuck do u think i'm kissing snapchat? assholes 
 3-why the fuck do i look  and pasty as hell 
 3-why the fuck do people keep canceling plans with me 
 3-when there is a massive queue of traffic, why the fuck do people beep their horn? like thats gonna make it go any faster. 
 3-how the fuck do you harvest oxygen??? lmaooooo 
 3-what the fuck do united do from here. 
 3-how the fuck do you go over gb hahahah 
 3-what the fuck do i have to be sad for? my life is looking very very bright and the future is even brighter..abandoning me aint stopping tht 
 3-where the fuck do i get the fried riice recipie i fucking forget??? i need it to feed colette like  bell peppers??? 
 3-why the fuck do i still love you??? help please t_t 
 3-me with no money: i want everything... me with money: what the fuck do i buy 
 3-why the fuck do everyone whispers infront of me 
 3-where the fuck do you live wtf 
 3-how the fuck do you ride a motorcycle in a dress 
 3-what the fuck do the glazers have to do with the fact managers are interchangeable in the modern game? 
 3-why the fuck do you do that. 
 0-when people say they all look the same and you're like no they don't! 
 0-why do they all look like young g.k. chestertons? 
 0-all my childhood and college friends are already married. they all look at me like it's never going to happen. 
 0-i got the carousel glosses in hollygram, candy apple, and present. also got a velvetines trio they all look so 
 0-they all look 
 0-they all look like a super villains hideout! abandoned amusement parks 
 0-these are amazing. they all look so handsome. 
 0-they all look the same/do the same things, it's so boring tbh 
 0-they all look fab but omg kendall looks amazing 
 0-i cant make up my mind they all look fantastiz 
 0-i miss my boys but they all look so happy and cuddly at home i'm so 
 0-i feel like i need to apologise to everyone i give a present to that ive wrapped because they all look so horrendous 
 0-they all look like angels when theyre pretending to sleep 
 0-they all look like the kids at school that would be referees 
 0-ohhh i see... haha they all look so similar... so confusing 
 3-wrapped all my presents last night and they all look like shit 
 0-currently researching the different methods of performing heart surgery. they all look terrifying. 
 0-they all look so good 
 1-what's up with the choice of folk u pick,they all look like u,the price is white if aliens landed,saw the show they'd think only whites... 
 0-they all look so cute 
 0-happy days! they all look happy! 
 0-they all look so fine laa..i can't duhh 
 0-happy days! they all look so 
 0-you can see kimora's curls in this picture too, they all look amazing lol 
 0-it's for my aunty she wants this specific thing but they all look the same 
 3-jesus fuck, woman, just pick one already. they all look the same anyways. 
 1-yes, they all look like fags. 
 0-karma came for the middle school mean girls... they all look gross trashy now and i'm happy karma is real 
 0-i haven't said anything on twitter yet but i love ikon oh myogd these mvs are amazing my son has lines and they all look so good 
 3-you could dress like an astronaut and shit in your suit to make it more authentic. 
 0-i tried to make it better so get over it yourself 
 0-gotta get my seasonings for my turkey i'm excited to make 
 0-my room such a mess bcs i need to check on my students exams... here at the night i work so hard to make it comfortable... 
 0-i still wear long sleeves and jackets to make it feel more like christmas, even though it's almost  degrees outside... 
 1-i fucking hate you so much! to make it clear, i hate my life srsly why you gotta make me suffer so much 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-i'm gonna play daysofchristmas in guitar with my som for you guys to make it christmassy. 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-but i still pour to make it all easier 
 0-i agree with sharpe that the biggest was allen robinson. megatron didn't deserve to make it 
 0-story summary for dyslexics interesting shapes such as bat and ball, badminton rackets etc to make it more visual 
 0-how to make it?, make one more for me 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-that would be nice, but you will have to leave today to make it to longview. he he 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-goal is to make it and be great 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-reindeer dust making at its finest. the fairies have worked extra hard this year to make it truly 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-i added a dash of turmeric to make the color richer and tomato paste to make it thick and juicy. 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-you're truly amiable  days until christmas, may you please follow to make it exquisite? stay well pal.. x 
 0-yes ma'am. the only way i can get good gumbo in co is to make it myself. 
 0-do you happen to know whether stix training is on this week? might be able to make it with there being no home match. 
 0-you have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it. 
 0-sorry about that. send us a message to socialmedia@wendys.com and we'll try to make it right. 
 1-somebody is getting stabbed today and i'm going to make it as slow and as painful as i possibly can. 
 0-shut it! is your mom down? i'm gonna try to make it to the bar sunday 
 3-well, your north pole ass was never going to make it in the heat here anyways i'll find another way to get what i want. 
 0-have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it." 
 0-los campesinos! ways to make it through the wall 
 0-as you can see, i tried to make it healthy by adding carrots. 
 0-life's little giant, whatever) setbacks are a good way to remember i wasn't even supposed to make it here, let alone where i'm trying 
 0-had to make it my header 
 0-double shifts today am i going to make it 
 0-i need help meeting a single mother's need for to make it to the beginning of the year. this request is... 
 0-i remember my dad used to plagiarize santa claus' signature on my gifts to make it look more legit. a+ for effort dad, but that's illegal. 
 0-looool. jill scott is perfect for setting hormones free. she's going to make it harder to quit him, bim. 
 0-when you really want to appreciate something, but you know sonam kapoor is going to make it suck 
 0-i ask what typa business her daughter owned she said barrets then threw in clothes to make it a little more believing 
 0-don't usually have bags on but guessin due to the lack of live sports they chucked it on. 
 0-i usually have bags under my eyes because of the lack of sleep i get 
 3-what a fag 
 1-what a fag 
 3-what a fag 
 1-like that rcxd_in_ur_junk what a fag 
 3-so you just reply that to everything they tweet? what a fag 
 1-what a fag 
 3-fact: anything you do for your girlfriend that makes other women go"awwww" will have every man in the room thinking a fag." 
 3-what a fag&gt;&gt;&gt; jeb: trump said islamic state isn't a threat breitbart via 
 3-lol. just like cuckthar. what a fag. 
 1-wtf what a fag 
 1-what a fag!! how does she just let him do those things i wont even allow that shit 
 3-wow what a fag 
 1-what what a fag 
 3-what a fag lmao 
 3-a fag 
 1-what a fag. he must do analingus 
 3-jaysummy telling me he's making fake proof what a fag.. jonah why can't you be like this again 
 3-what a fag 
 1-what a fag 
 3-what a fag 
 1-who the fuck is josh normen? what a fag 
 1-she was like omg what a fag and laughed 
 1-what a fag 
 1-how gay is luke? what is he a  year old mom using their kids as their profile picture? what a fag 
 3-what a fag 
 1-can't believe alan broke his foot and can't work for  weeks.. what a fag aahah porter down... 
 1-what a fag. 
 3-what a fag do u actually pay for that lmao 
 1-lol what a fag i hope he chokes on the next cock he sucks 
 3-what a fag 
 1-what a fag. 
 1-what a fag u are 
 0-g eazy really dropped a song called sad boy tho what a fag 
 1-st: that's hot nd: what a fag 
 3-what a fag!! 
 1-sorry sister. you know what a fag i am for dick. 
 1-what a fag 
 1-what a fag 
 1-is a fag and baits people to get kills what a fag 
 1-what a fag, for hitting his girl. 
 3-stitches looks dumb as fuck and all he dose is get his ass beat what a fag. he should get his shit tawkin mouth sewed shut 
 1-what a fag 
 1-what a fag! 
 3-appreciating captain falcon's manbuns what a fag. 
 1-what a fag 
 1-what a fag 
 3-you're so gay even gay guys go what a fag" 
 3-the particular man who inspired that tweet is also cursing loudly and followed it up by saying a fag" in reference to who knows what. 
 3-what a fag 
 1-what a fag 
 3-this white bitch in the next lane textin on her ipad and driving 
 3-new white bitch in a whip that's my slave ship 
 3-i really just had to check this white bitch in smoothie king. i held the door open while i was struggling w/my umbrella didn't say shit 
 3-my fav white bitch in my header with my boo, aw 
 3-white bitch in her spandex 
 1-lol glad you put that white bitch in her place 
 3-new white bitch in my whip, that's my slave ship 
 3-i need a fat white bitch in my life for my next bday. 
 3-now i gotta look that white bitch in her eyes 
 3-this white bitch in this movie crazy as shit 
 3-yo there's this white bitch in my class that stares at me the whole hour 
 3-white bitch in the bathroom giving head for speed 
 3-new white bitch in a whip that's my slave ship 
 3-basic ass white bitch in my boarding area just watched her dad drop his bag, didn't offer to help carry and said my problem." 
 3-i'm you're the blurry white bitch in the back 
 3-man nigga just snap chatted this white bitch in krogers to me wit the fattest ass like i'm on my creep shit bro 
 3-new white bitch in a whip that's my slave ship 
 3-bitch in the bathroom giving head for speed" 
 3-i wanna deck this white bitch in the throat 
 3-new white bitch in my whip that's my slave ship 
 3-can't kiss a white bitch in her mouth you don't know if she kissed her dog or her brother just get head from her fam 
 3-new white bitch in my whip that's a slaveship 
 3-this white bitch in gone girl crazy asl 
 3-white bitch in december 
 3-cuz said mo scared than a white bitch in tha projects lmaooo thas a scary mufucka 
 3-niggas claim to be so gangsta an be mo scared than a white bitch in the projects smh 
 3-hoodie oversized sweatpants is almost impossible for me) i'm a basic white bitch in training. 
 3-just because your mom slummed it with a colored to make you doesn't mean you don't have basic white bitch in you 
 3-just stiff armed the fuck out of this white bitch in target trying to cut by me bitch no move i ain't having it no more. 
 3-lit onision called his wife a religious white bitch" in one of his videos i fucking hate him 
 3-every white bitch in the yay 
 3-nothing makes me more angry than a entitled white bitch in my job assuming i suppose to serve her. 
 3-that white bitch in collier 
 3-black bitch sittin shotty white bitch in the trunk 
 3-and nobody punched this white bitch in the back of her fuckin neck 
 3-white bitch in the bathroom givin head for speed, boyy. don't you turn your head at me. 
 1-oh my god, this white bitch in front of me is fucking annoying 
 3-tell me why i know a white bitch in long beach like this 
 1-white bitch in jack in the box wit some gawwd damn 
 3-new white bitch in my whip, that's a slave ship...... 
 3-this white bitch in my cousin living room like she family i think i should stand up for my family put her ass in the corner 
 3-new white bitch in a whip that's my slave ship 
 3-a white bitch in some peggings 
 1-the new star wars comes out and every white bitch in america has suddenly been a star wars fan their entire life 
 1-i was crying on the curb tonight waiting for my bus and i felt like a trashy white bitch in an episode of skins 
 3-pull with a white bitch in a black lambo 
 3-new white bitch in my whip thats my slave ship 
 3-but i bet you won't call me a hoe nor white bitch in my scary ass hoe!!! 
 3-totally just saw some stupid white bitch in bellevue nail this kid walking across a driveway with her jeep. jesus christ. 
 3-flipped off a white bitch in a mini van and when i pulled up next to her she couldn't even look over stupid bitch 
 3-already bought and read them. please sent white trash and wolf to my place for christmas, thanks in advance! 
 3-used to keep a in a shoe box, now i bang baretta, she's  and i keep her in a tube top, white trash and all 
 0-i'm not white trash, and america would be implied 
 0-they call me redneck, white trash and blue collar.. 
 3-when the only thing you looking forward to on christmas day is dessert: white trash and red velvet cake 
 3-eli: emma you're a piece of white trash and you don't deserve to be around me 
 3-you have a taste for white trash and slamming lines..." isn't pulling any punches when it comes to our upstairs neighbor 
 0-they call me redneck, white trash, and blue collar.. but i could change that if i had a couple million dollars. 
 3-we made white trash and i'm just sitting here eating it while it dries...whoops 
 0-i had school, work, had to bake cupcakes, make white trash, and now i'm going to the gym 
 3-i'm white trash and i'm in trouble 
 3-white trash and buckeyes. 
 0-they call me redneck, white trash and blue collar but i could change all that if i had a couple million dollars 
 1-my uncle and grandma are actual white trash and it makes me so uncomfortable 
 1-call me redneck, white trash and blue 
 3-curvature of the earth ass forehead i'm white i can say you white trash and know i'm right 
 1-how about she deserved it. don't be rude and white trash and maybe just maybe she would get respect back. 
 0-they call me redneck, white trash, and blue collar, but i could change that if i had a couple million dollars 
 3-im a peice of fucking white trash and i say it proudly 
 1-a guy a few weeks back having a conversation with strangers about how the clintons are white trash and cruz is the best 
 3-nah but we do need a restraining order against white trash and bad twitter trolls 
 1-and also quite honestly they just hate white trash and recognizing let a white man might also be victimized would suck 
 0-my mom just called me white trash and then she expects me to help clean her mess like you thought 
 0-i was googling images titled trash" and my own pic came up. i told you i was star material and you didn't listen, remember? 
 3-a new snot nosed hostess said she's quitting because we're all white trash and i can't help but think....maybe you right lol 
 1-its really become a show of rich white trash and washed up reporters 
 3-they do if your fans think you're poor, white trash and banging your mom little sister. 
 0-they call me redneck, white trash, and blue collar but i could change all that if i had a couple million dollars 
 3-she's white trash and immature for calling you out. 
 3-you're making it seem as if miley isn't bashed daily for being white trash and isn't praised for her outfits 
 3-the only people who smoke are white trash and europeans 
 1-white trash and niggas 
 3-they call em' red neck, white trash, and blue collar.... 
 1-aaliyah you stan that white trash and hes too whipped on her. she can have whateva she want 
 1-can i go to work once without seeing white trash and without getting cussed out 
 3-hillary clinton is an old hippie hillbilly piece of white trash and she will never apologize for anything. 
 0-yeah hope he gets killery into court and takes all the have. arkansas white trash. and total criminals. 
 3-they call me redneck, white trash and blue collar. but i could change all that if i had a couple million dollars. 
 1-there's white trash and then there's broke ass white trash. 
 3-white trash and i'm in trouble" 
 3-i am part of the weirdest group chats. robbers" trash" and beads" 
 3-send to fl. we could use some west coast hipsters to balance out the white trash and rednecks 
 0-you like white trash and litterbugs? jaalah has all these houses and cars in the family to take care of. do you like 
 3-gimme a fuckin mic white trash and rednecks the winner of miss universe is the genetic freak holla if ya hear me 
 1-somebody on tumblr just called me cis white trash and that my curls where racist and fake. okay, then. 
 3-he calls us white trash and then runs away? 
 3-huge difference between white trash and country 
 0-wow update shes leaving and he called her white trash and said where r u going lmao 
 3-i'm white trash and i'm in trouble. 
 3-you call us white trash and bigots and we say nothing. we say anything negative about you and you cry racism. 
 1-hate to see u wit a lame. 
 3-went wit a lame 
 3-you could introduce a nigga to real.. and he'll still fuck wit a lame bitch 
 3-all yall be saying that don't fck wit columbus females niggas"... all yall tryin fck the same ppl mess wit a lame or something 
 3-don't stay wit a lame 
 1-u usta fw my la son, u cheated on my son wit a lame ass nigga from the westbank that ain't my business doe 
 3-y when niggas cheat it be wit a lame ugly cum swallowing pill popping bitch wit no future clowns 
 3-my lil bitch wit a lame nigga im ashamed of her quit hittin that 
 3-she was not fuckin around wit a lame das why i treat all dese bitches da same 
 3-you fuckin wit a lame, okay go head, hit me when you wanna get put up on game 
 3-she fucking wit a 
 0-makes me mad when i see a pretty face wit a lame 
 3-you be fuckin wit a lame bitch 
 3-from now on ima start judging niggas off the bitches they fuccin with if you fucc wit a lame den niggas yousa lame 
 3-don't stay wit a lame nigga stop it... 
 0-you messin wit a lame shawty that's a shame 
 0-she stuck wit a lame so she cherish da things u do for n with her more den urs considering her circumstances 
 3-when you wasted  years of your life fucking wit a 
 0-its all good,you gone end up wit a lame 
 1-man i hate a nigga that talk too much. especially when they drunk. combine that wit a lame ass nigga you wanna kill yourself at the 
 3-gone head and take all that off you ain't fucking wit a lame 
 3-she fuckin wit a lame ass nigga smfh 
 3-let her know i'm next.....if she wasn't fucking wit a lame, or dumb, she wouldn't be in 
 3-heard shawddy fucking wit a lame man 
 3-just know u ain't fuckin wit a lame baby 
 0-i bet if i get into an argument wit a lame they're gonna go straight for my bald head lmfao 
 3-u ain't fuckin wit a lame 
 3-try tha goofy shit wit a lame low self esteem bitch. 
 3-i wont even fuck wit a lame on my best day 
 0-i told i got her she not wit a lame and she stay down ima buy her a 
 3-long story short she was use to fucking wit a lame 
 3-fuckin wit a lame gon have you feelin like a lame 
 0-and you go wit a lame 
 3-run up on me imma bang uan f.ckin wit a lame 
 0-you stressin wit a lame im gettin money 
 3-i see you wit a lame nigga that shit get me hot" 
 3-if you fucking wit a lame nigga expect lame shit 
 3-if you me wit a lame nigga thats my driver 
 3-i need cuff her before she fucks wit a lame.... 
 3-all my old bitches even pregnant and fucked up or cuffed wit a lame thats finna be they ex in da future 
 3-you fuckin wit a lame you know it 
 3-wen u introduce a nigga to real he shud neva fuck wit a lame 
 3-ion like a lame ass nigga so anytime you wit a lame ass nigga you gone catch heat from me. i see through people! 
 3-you prolly fuck around wit a lame now 
 3-i heard u fuckin wit a lame nigga 
 3-nvm u were fuckin wit a lame haha 
 0-thatz it  me tell me open my mouth n and every time i have its been or wit a lame excuse 
 0-you'll neva catch me arguing wit a lame. 
 3-a female is a reflection of her so baby i hope u anit fuckin wit a 
 3-i always wonder what my future wife is doing right now. she prolly fucking wit a lame nigga who still doin lil boy shit. be patient bae 
 0-reposting the secret santa thing because i was really not satisfied with the white aesthetic. 
 0-the internet never forgets proof outlets are colluding, collaborating and conspiring with the white house 
 0-abeg hook me up with the white one please 
 0-same with the white ball in the pocket as well lol 
 0-while visiting fryeburg maine please eat at the oxford inn. the food and service are excellent with the white mountains in the backdrop. 
 0-something only he should rebel. you place this on your forehead with the white side on display, he will 
 0-the internet never forgets proof outlets are colluding, collaborating and conspiring with the white house 
 0-still don't know what i'm supposed to do with the white elephant gift i received. 
 0-those are like a nantucket red with the white stripes. 
 3-room lights on along with the white table lamp to the left of the living room on right now as the whore slut away out dressed like a bitch 
 0-i'm coo off the bay, but when i get rich i'm going to live near the water down in so cal, with the white folks 
 0-striking out like jordan with the white sox 
 0-signing with the white sox u mean 
 0-falls out and covers self with the white 
 0-the black male lead actor of star wars has no intimacy at all with the white female lead actor. 
 0-prince with the white 
 0-really wish you'd have the butterscotch again and the peppermint with the white icing you had on december rd and th... 
 0-your just going to want to select the main piece/big curve with the white arrow. shift select, then once intersected, select 
 3-rarely had that music and if they did chilled with the white culture while blacks did crack making the s 
 0-what kind of gold time piece were you wearing this morning? that watch is great with the white face! 
 0-so in love with the white house's christmas tree this year! 
 0-melissa matching with the white house while annabelle and i match with our souls. by 
 0-a tak to polecam o muke'u lost boy i the boy with the white eyes 
 0-imagine him with the white scrunchie it would've matched his polka dot shirt at the apple music performance 
 0-i think dodgers are done dealing...i think resigning utley was their big offseason move, along with the white sox prospects. 
 0-fred clark writes, then, everything that has gotten hawkins in trouble with the white male administrators of... 
 3-wait are we talking about anyone specific or just talking about boys who have come down with the white trash disease in general 
 0-when i order it they gave it to me with the mini marshmallows and whipped cream bbut but they melted it with the white chocolate and i 
 0-starting my day with the white panda 
 0-you mean the senate is at war with the white house? 
 3-that's why i fucks with the white ppl 
 0-is that with the white people saying the word? if so i love that movie. classic. 
 0-saw one of these in the flesh a few days ago, along with the white version. absolutely stunning 
 0-i hate the ttc's rush hour with the white hot passion of a thousand suns. i'm either  mins early or  mins late. 
 0-please stop with the white washing 
 0-you had me with white pele' 
 0-the man with the white lips. 
 0-i agree with you on the snarkiness with the white christmas poll. i will get some pies ready for you to unload on 
 0-rachel... everybody seems to have problems with the white appliances, w the cars these days. 
 0-i'm glad you stay here with the white shoes. it makes me feel better. 
 0-the one with the white egg still showing with the yolk in the middle 
 0-men, what's with the white shoes? 
 0-google teams up with the white house for holiday vr tour: 
 0-looks like ima have a gets pounded with the white stuff me no likey the 
 0-i hate that song with the whitehot fury of a thousand suns. 
 0- with the white sneakers 
 0-the bit on the edge of the world, with the white beach the stars like diamonds.... that's 
 0-out with the white lab coats and in with the human story behind solid work 
 0-now you know how the natives felt after land deals with the white devil. 
 0-i think mary jane erred in breaking up with the white guy. 
 3-dog lmao you a fag 
 3-i would've done the same shit as obj, got a field of dudes out there calling you a fag you gotta turn up 
 1-you a fag cuz you ain't txt me back 
 1-it shows the real you. a fag. 
 3-if i see another nigga talk about his melanin you a fag 
 3-you a fag 
 3-you a fag 
 3-not sure if i should call you a fag or make a rape den joke. so fuckin ambivalent right now. 
 1-you a fag! 
 3-i treat you a fag in public. 
 3-you a fag too 
 3-you a fag too stop 
 3-niggas out here fighting girls thinking that shit cool idgaf if you a fag or not ima beat yo ass at the end if the day you still a man 
 1-you a fag if you choose to listen to chris brown, the weeknd, tiller, or any of that simp music. just my personal opinion 
 3-a what??? christ, even my most bent friends i have a few) would call you a if you wore this. lordy lordy 
 1-if you eat just cheese pizza you a fag i can't fwy don't come to my job i won't serve you 
 3-you a fag sheedy 
 3-you a fag fam follow or i stab you at school~ jt 
 1-you a fag 
 3-you a fag but one of my best friends and fool why didn't you hook it up with in n out that one night smfh 
 3-you a fag 
 3-you a fag 
 3-you think the guy is lucky?? you a fag or nah 
 1-jordan i'm convinced you a fag 
 1-horrible movie but should be banned for calling you a has he seen your wife?! sheesh. 
 1-boy you a fag 
 1-that's for real faggot shit....how you mad niggas called you a fag then do faggot shit??? 
 3-seriously, if someone calling you a fag or whatever gets to you that much, it's time to reflect on how you react to things. 
 1-words are like a dagger with a jagged edge. i'll stab you in the head whether you a fag or lez." 
 3-the fact that you were looking at my profile makes you a fag 
 3-lmao just don't cry when someone calls you a fag 
 3-man up. jesus christ this world is getting so soft. so what if someone calls you a fag. be a man ur not gettin shot 
 1-if you a fag and u dress like girl please be a neat one cause these people i be seeing look a hot ass 
 1-i can call you a fag if we cool but you ain't gone call me that shit 
 3-like keith said, they both wrong. the nigga call you a fag, you gonn piss yourself? play football wtf. 
 3-i've said way worse to people on the basketball court than you a fag and i'll end your career 
 3-ur bio you a fag 
 3-listen to this skit, you won't regret it bill burr are you, a fag?" 
 3-impersonating fagets does make you a fag automaticly.... 
 1-you a fag lol 
 3-wellllll..., are you a fag? 
 3-mattie why i call you a fag bag." 
 3-no one called you a fag, bro. you did that yourself 
 3-i'm so pist.. you a fag 
 3-cause you a fag in real life 
 1-niggas who shake they ass gay i don't wanna hear that dance group shit you a fag 
 3-make me mad i'm calling you a fag, bitch, all types of names 
 3-you a fag for that. imma tell your mom 
 1-odell overrated. you pinned a tweet to your profile cuz you a fag. ummm trump is baby hitler. pick one 
 3-when you finally block the girl who called you a fag, bitch,and much more. then u&amp; ur friends rejoice 
 3-you a lame.. everyday niggas gon fade you in the group chat.. u a poser.. 
 3-yo bit wana fuck on a street nigga.. you a lame she dont really wana be withcha. 
 0-if you complain about your bf/gf getting money then you a lame. 
 0-hahaha you a lame 
 3-you a lame ass nigga of you gotta tell the world that the girl gave you head 
 0-ain't got time for these female mane one min they want you, next min you a lame 
 3-man tweet snatching ass aw trail you a lame in this bitch 
 0-you a lame and your girl break down my weed sometimes 
 0-you a lame when you coming home. 
 1-tell twitter all yo business you a lame nigga 
 0-if you a lame that's a shame. you can't hang with us 
 0-this how you know you a lame 
 0-they on know the rules to the game, fake it till you make it we gone call you a lame. 
 1-fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 3-i wanna get him something but you a lame ass bitch never wanna pick up my baby shit 
 1-you a lame ass nigga stfu stop worrying about another man's mind frame bitch 
 0-oh i bet that was fun! sorry they gave you a lame car! 
 0-blue magic, commodores, the o'jays, gq, the floaters. if you don't listen to them, you a lame one 
 0-you a lame lagging on that drank cuz 
 0-if you don't know this song by heart, you a lame 
 0-you a lame. 
 3-you a lame duck boy you a peion 
 3-you a lame you a scrub 
 3-if i tell you what's up and you choose to be a lil bitch about it and start acting funny you a lame frfr 
 0-you a lame. 
 0-you a lame doe 
 0-if you get off on embarrassing ppl, you a lame 
 3-you a lame nigga if you let another nigga opinion of your girl affect how you feel about her 
 3-get you a lame ass girl with low hoe mileage and you win 
 3-you a lame in this bitch 
 3-cause you a lame in this bitch 
 3-you a lame if you get played by a bitch! 
 3-you a lame 
 0-society think if you don't gangbang you a lame. type of shit is that? 
 3-you a lame 
 0-lmao you not worth it bro. you a lame, i got little city dudes with more heart. good night 
 0-ima find you a lame 
 0-fronting your move by default makes you a lame. 
 0-you a lame. 
 0-you a lame 
 0-you a lame ahh yo i swear 
 3-manhunt lit period. if you haven't played it you a lame ass mf 
 1-you a lame ass duck nigka you a pion 
 3-you a lame ass duck nigga nigga u a peon 
 0-if you a lame you getting stopped at the door saturday 
 0-you a lame 
 0-you a lame 
 3-you a lame, and yo bitch break up my weed sometimes 
 0-you a lame that's a shame 
 0-lol when you a lame 
 3-but you fuck wit yo twin harder than anyone else so you straight 
 3-if you fuck wit mi yu shudnt be afraid to show that shyt 
 3-lmao that run thru my mind every time i meet a bitch you fine but you look like you fuck wit da enemies" 
 3-if you fuck wit dis song and wanna see me performing in your city soon tag a 
 3-do you fuck wit da war? 
 3-if you ain't hangin n callin or showin you fuck wit me now 
 3-ima fuck with you the same way you fuck wit me 
 3-first time you fuck wit me dawg i let dem killas go....(real shit) 
 3-if you from and you fuck wit me listen and watch these new visuals from support good music 
 3-you fuck wit a savage u need me the most i hop outta traffic 
 3-don't you fuck wit me 
 3-fuck looks.. shawty do you fuck wit crooks? 
 3-you fuck wit the opps you a opp too 
 3-my kids are my world you fuck wit them your life over 
 3-if you fuck wit dis song and wanna see me performing in your city soon tag a 
 3-if you fuck wit dis song and wanna see me performing in your city soon tag a 
 3-ashton from sos you idiot. has fame gotten to your head you fuck wit? 
 1-you fuck wit other niggas i won't even bother. 
 3-you fuck wit  get , we all that we got 
 3-jus because you fuckin me dnt mean you fuck wit me 
 3-you fuck wit other niggas i won't even bother 
 1-fuck wit a nigga if you fuck wit a nigga 
 3-you look like you fuck wit the enemies 
 3-what it do baby boo you fuck wit me i fuck wit you 
 3-if you fuck wit a goofy nigga then you a goofy bitch 
 3-keep the amount of people you fuck wit to a minimum. 
 3-say you fuck wit me,but holla fuck me ona down low 
 3-aye bro you fuck wit this? 
 3-i kno you fuck wit me 
 3-nonsense....the pogues you fuck wit!! 
 1-you fuck wit illuminati i see lol 
 3-hey i have an idea. why dont you stfu you fuck wit and leave alone 
 3-if you fuck wit all your exes you shone 
 3-i am... but if you fuck wit me ima be the biggest asshole in the world. 
 3-i'm the type to give you all the space in the world. if fuck wit me you fuck wit me if you don't them i'm like 
 3-bet the nigga you fuck wit ain't as good as me 
 3-i hope your man knows of all of the games you play and the other niggas you got stored away somewhere in ur phone that you fuck wit 
 3-if you fuck wit dis song and wanna see me performing in your city soon tag a promoter 
 3-if you fuck wit dis song and wanna see me performing in your city soon tag a 
 3-watch out for who you fuck wit 
 3-hate a bitch dat want da world to kno you fuck wit ha 
 3-you fuck wit tbs bro 
 3-you fuck wit coffee??? damn. what kind? 
 3-look like you fuck wit the enemies cuuuuh" 
 3-i fuck wit you like you fuck wit me 
 3-if you fuck wit me don't fuck wit my 
 3-i don't fuck wit a lot of people cause the less people you fuck wit, is the less people who can fuck you over 
 1-shut the fuck up you fucking faggot, crawl back and stay in tumblr where you belong, you fucking freak 
 1-shut up you fucking faggot 
 1-fucking faggot! you're the biggest faggot that ever faggoted!" 
 3-you call and then hang up you fucking faggot 
 3-fuck you mother fucker..you assholes think you own this country..screw you fucking faggot.. 
 1-shut up you fucking faggot 
 1-try me you fucking faggot i have superior muscle strength and could easily defeat you in hand to hand combat, motherfucker. 
 3-you're a fucking moron all i said was it wasn't in the link i proved wrong you fucking faggot 
 1-you have drake as your avi how could you embarrass yourself anymore you fucking faggot 
 1-beat you fucking faggot twat cunt 
 1-you fucking faggot 
 1-you can talk shit all you want you fucking faggot. i can pop a wheelie for  whole seconds on my cousin's bmx. 
 3-nope i was looking more for a gg you fucking faggot 
 3-lol you fucking faggot hahahah 
 3-there was no conversation until you me you fucking faggot jesus christ exit my mentions 
 1-no you fucking 
 3-macchlerich!!!!! fuck everybody you just read the oldest name in the history of europe you fucking faggot 
 1-if you fear and hate africans so much, go to war with them, you fucking faggot. a lot harder than tweeting on your phone 
 1-you fucking faggot foh 
 3-yes, that's exactly what i said you fucking faggot 
 3-yes now fucking get on you fucking faggot holy shit 
 1-you fucking faggot 
 1-fuck off you fucking faggot go suck a dog dick you cuckold 
 3-sorry you fucking faggot 
 1-only because he will be the closest thing to you on ps you fucking faggot 
 3-im ang amigenaboard oatreuoyuo fujoicsniofinsenfsnlkjrenretarded oyupieceof shbit you fucking faggot god damn everytime 
 1-i didn't insult either you fucking faggot 
 1-get swine flu you fucking faggot 
 3-why did you follow me you fucking faggot 
 1-stop thirsting for heli you fucking faggot. 
 3-like  or  fuck you devin you have like k+ tweets in total you fucking faggot 
 1-listened you fucking faggot i don't know if the bleach got into your head or what but don't u dare slander the crying game 
 1-stop saying the same shit everyday nick you fucking faggot 
 3-way to call icing you fucking faggot 
 1-you will never surpass nudah you fucking faggot 
 3-no i didnt you fucking faggot 
 3-fuck off you fucking faggot 
 1-you fucking faggot ass nigga 
 3-shut up you fucking faggot. 
 3-then open israel you fucking faggot. get that diversity right now. 
 1-i can't bother to explain you fucking faggot 
 3-you fucking faggot i miss you 
 1-im danish you fucking faggot 
 1-what are you gay? what are you fucking faggot? fucking scared, huh faggot? 
 3-you fucking faggot fuck you 
 1-i want this to end already, stop being depressed me you fucking faggot 
 1-shut up you fucking faggot ive had enough of you 
 1-fuck you nigger dont you fucking what me i swear to fucking god ill have you destroyed by me and my fucking boys you fucking faggot 
 1-i have a masterball you fucking faggot 
 3-no it wasn't you fucking faggot 
 3-ha ha not at the mo i aint but that cunt is a self self self look at me cunt.aint i nice..no your a cunt 
 3-cause your a cunt 
 3-if you say christmas eve eve. your a cunt 
 3-if you call today christmas eve eve your a cunt 
 3-imagine, knowing your a cunt the moment it happens. 
 3-your a cunt cal 
 3-like you, you've got an attitude" the only reason i have an attitude is because your a 
 3-uncle: send me your account details what was sent: send me your a cunt details 
 3-finished work for christmas happy days and by the way if you say today is christmas eve eve your a cunt 
 3-lmao your a cunt shouldn't have come into work today fuck you 
 3-people thinking your a cunt, when they don't know your story 
 3-your a cunt i wanted to get some cobblestone and guess what? were all out thanks x'd 
 3-sleeping pattern your a cunt. why do you keep waking me up early 
 3-welllll mate your a cunt just like the rest of them ahaha job on 
 3-mate your a cunt 
 3-your a cunt 
 3-your a cunt 
 3-told you your a cunt! 
 3-cos your a cunt mate 
 1-your  and single and none of your relationships have ever worked because your a cunt but that's none if a my buisness 
 3-someone acc broke my fave heels that ive wore twice, who ever it wis your a cunt 
 3-i just want to say that your a cunt 
 3-your a cunt 
 3-cant see the problem mate, difference in opinions keeps it interesting. unless your a cunt of course lol 
 1-you would want lvg to get fired your a cunt any ways you poncy curly haired maggot 
 1-your a cunt 
 3-your a cunt 
 3-even my mum thinks your a 
 3-well your a cunt 
 3-if you have rip paul walker on your car then your a cunt cause you don't even no him saps 
 3-i've came to an conclusion that your a cunt too! 
 3-your a i'm a look at that i want to ruin your so versatile 
 1-your a cunt stfu 
 3-your a cunt. 
 3-your a cunt 
 3-will i take your christmas present back since your a cunt? yeah i will back in my pocket. 
 3-that's because your a cunt 
 3-i still your a cunt though even if you go on to cure cancer u will still a cunt never forget that hope u get the shites 
 3-your a cunt either way 
 3-i hope your family knows your a cunt 
 3-your a cunt 
 3-your a cunt 
 3-live and let live, don't have anything nice to say don't say it, don't ruin someone's day or bring them down just because your a cunt 
 3-mothers your a cunt 
 3-shame your a cunt 
 3-why am i watching a program where men get six packs biceps back shoulders and pecks surgically done, your a cunt, an actual cunt 
 3-middle to early and can't sleep, my mind, your a cunt.... 
 1-your a cunt 
 3-me:your a cunt claudia: your a clunt 
 3-your a cunt mate 
 3-fuck outta here your a dirty hoe 
 3-your a dirty toenail thats been up someones butthole 
 3-your no sister of mine, your a dirty slag. 
 3-it's easy to do when your a dirty dog 
 3-your a dirty fucked up pedo and everyone wants you too 
 3-your a dirty fucking lier 
 3-i know cause your a dirty nigga. 
 0-your a dirty, and crass, human being. 
 3-im being sarcastic, i dont need your ratings lad your a dirty unorganised sperm cell 
 0-your a dirty guy if you buy pork scratchings from ur shop anyway 
 0-your a dirty boy 
 3-i'm sorry about snowflame. lol. but yes. their talking about the fact that your a dirty skeleton fucker]] 
 0-really!!! years service lie mountain leader lie pcoy lie pt corps lie bomb blast lie sas lie your a dirty fibber 
 1-your a dirty bitch 
 3-i'm that one bitch who will think your a dirty bitch for fucking with one of my niggas 
 0-look at the film you where the one instigating all of it  times you did it your a dirty player man just 
 3-if you walk around in dirty ass shoes chances are your a dirty ass person 
 1-i won't tell because your a dirty bitch&amp;i dont want my tribe insulted. but your not from rojava 
 1-your a dirty black bastard! 
 1-and your a dirty bitch who posts nudes 
 0-just face it! your a dirty cheap shotting punk! and we all saw it, you keep making up excuse stories put they make look more sorry. 
 3-your a dirty bitch if you try getting with someones ex when they just fucking broke up 
 1-your a dirty rotten liar. end of typical palestinian supporter stranger to the truth and reality 
 3-your a dirty slut 
 3-very sexy like to bend you over fuck you hard from behind while you say your a dirty white 
 3-all i have to say is that your a dirty whore. 
 0-hands in the air if your a dirty stop up 
 3-if your reading this in the san antonio area i will make you eat a worm because your a dirty bitch and a liar 
 0-again stop slandering people and actually use sound arguments. it's like your a dirty politician. 
 3-your a dirty prick. hope you get suspended 
 0-your a dirty student of the arts 
 3-when your a dirty dt farmer 
 3-i'm not hard cuz your not sexy your a dirty ass nigger 
 0-yo your a dirty player an don't belong in the league playing that but we got the last laugh with the win!!! 
 3-beckham your a dirty shit. you should have been tossed. 
 1-your a dirty fucking cunt player. your a joke. choke on a dick prick!!! 
 3-that's cos your a dirty old cunt like steptoe not because your a jedi 
 3-that shit was so funny tho! no one thinks your a dirty fool but i'll delete it cause you asked 
 3-you still trying to get stuck into that italian chick... your a dirty bastard dave...! 
 1-your a dirty and i hope they throw the book at ya! 
 0-don't tell me your a dirty tigers fan ughh 
 3-your a dirty little hypocrite, you have no right to bitch about others when your not exactly gods gift 
 0-your a dirty little wrongun 
 0-what do u know your a dirty leeds fan u don't know shit about football 
 3-when your a dirty person by nature that shit always comes back on your ass 
 3-your a dirty cunt your cut 
 3-your a dirty bastard mc clean 
 3-i have noodles and cheese, i just don't know if i'll like them together. mac and cheese" well your a dirty whore. i felt dumb 
 3-mcclean your a dirty fucking cunt 
 0-listening to a woman talk about two guys. your a dirty girl. dirty girls need love too. 
 3-should i fuck your bitch in some gucci flip flops 
 3-i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flipflops 
 3-your momma is sleep i need to find that video where he was like just fucked your bitch in some fucking polo boxers 
 3-fake goon carttoon u ah mickey mouse i got your bitch in my condo im about to fuck her now 
 3-mood: i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops 
 3-just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops 
 3-i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops 
 3-i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops. 
 3-just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops" 
 3-i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops 
 3-i just fucked your bitch in some adidas flip flops 
 3-off to go fuck your bitch in some gucci flip flops 
 3-i just fcked your bitch in some gucci flip flops 
 3-when you see your bitch in one of them durban kwaito music vidz lol 
 3-i want to fuck your bitch in her pussy hole 
 3-i just fucked your bitch in some loui flip flops 
 3-i'll fuck your bitch in my subaru. 
 3-i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops 
 3-ima get me sum bless up flip flops and fuck your bitch in them 
 3-i fucked your bitch in crocs. 
 3-too bad it probably goes off the camera roll so big everyone would be your bitch in the pin 
 3-fucked your bitch in my boots 
 3-popping bottles so keep your bitch in the crib this new years cuz we popping bottles all night and bitches after the ball drop 
 3-i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops 
 3-your bitch in the bed by me rules i don't aby em 
 3-i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops 
 3-i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flipflops 
 3-that's what you call a bitch made nigga 
 1-he not even hood. he a bitch made nigga 
 3-learned to expect bitch made shit from a bitch made nigga 
 3-if you gone talk down talk down on some real shit you making things up as you go tho lol like a bitch made nigga would do. 
 1-that's not a nigga" that's a bitch made nigga w a temper ain't shit hood about hittin a female 
 1-you still hitting females ma nigga on the set you a bitch made nigga. coward ass insecure ass mfvckin phony! im sure all them be broke af 
 1-fuck chris at the walmart off of pleasant grove he's a bitch made nigga who prolly dont suck the toes 
 3-cuz you a bitch made nigga 
 3-jeremiah luafulu such a bitch made nigga man. he said to bring my niggas, they comin. 
 1-you a bitch made nigga if you put down your girl or lay a finger on her with a negative intention and jus know i'm plottin on you fuckboy 
 3-i'm a bitch made nigga 
 3-can't stand a bitch made nigga who be sneak dissin. 
 1-he's a bitch made nigga with a period pussy 
 3-like it really pisses me off every time. he's a bitch made nigga that's all there is to it 
 3-this is ain't no street nigga this a bitch made nigga 
 3-i hate a bitch made nigga 
 3-wtf he a bitch made nigga for that. 
 3-thats a bitch made nigga. 
 3-he a bitch made nigga 
 3-give me a few months, i'll finally be able to accomplish what i started before a bitch made nigga came in the way 
 3-he's such a bitch made nigga. his music 
 1-y'all kno al. nigga from new orleans. that's a bitch made nigga. 
 3-that's a bitch made nigga, not a hood nigga. 
 3-this ain't a hood nigga this a bitch made nigga 
 1-hate a bitch made nigga 
 3-only a bitch made nigga does this shit 
 1-a bitch made nigga 
 3-last time a bitch made nigga like him laid hands on me he was soaked in his own blood. ladies, defend yourselves. 
 1-you a bitch made nigga if you lay hands on a female and she's not threatening your life in any way. 
 3-you a bitch made nigga for certain i'm a god in a world full of serpents only take a nigga life on purpose!!! 
 3-any nigga that condones this is a bitch made nigga. give a fuck who you is never put your hands on a woman. 
 3-he is a bitch made nigga, he really is a box you can tell his floor bed having ass 
 3-then you definition of a bitch made nigga. 
 3-the way he swung at her lets everyone know he a bitch made nigga 
 3-i know a bitch made nigga doing time, daddy gave you everything 
 3-only a bitch made nigga would do this. 
 3-you keep it solid, stay humble, show luv no matter if a bitch made nigga try to play you or a weak nigga try to lash on you keep faith 
 3-you ain't dating no man, you dating a bitch made nigga 
 3-you're disgusting. definition of a bitch made nigga. just for a few rts and likes, hope it pays ur bills or sum 
 3-you just a bitch made nigga wit them bitch made bitch moves u ain't go do shitt wit that bitch made mind attitude 
 1-i cannot stand a bitch made nigga 
 3-you a bitchmade nigga 
 3-he a bitch made nigga, he coulda atleast score up wit her, let her see her ass whooping coming 
 3-reason? don't you mean recent youre studdering you call me a made nigga" you call me lol 
 1-obj is a bitch made nigga to me now 
 3-just called my friend to cuss her out for hooking me up with such a bitch made nigga and she decided to come clean about how she met him... 
 3-he a bitch made nigga if he need people to back him up he should've have said nothing about my girl first 
 1-i can't stand a bitchmade nigga 
 3-before they made gohan a bitch made nigga 
 1-you're a bitch made nigga. trust me you'll stay until they leave 
 3-fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 1-the fact that you pretended to care shows how much of a lame nigga you really are. 
 1-you a lame nigga you mad as hell my name nigga be ringing bells 
 3-you a lame nigga, you dont got no say so 
 3-you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 1-you a lame nigga, you ain't w/ it 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise 
 3-if you fw a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 3-i can't take advice from a female who deal with a lame nigga you're trying to tell me wrong 
 3-if you a lame, nigga you ain't making no noise get faded, turn up with the big boys live fast that's my choice get an invoice 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 1-if you fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-you a lame nigga? you ain't with it 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise. 
 3-if u a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-if you a lame nigga you aint makin no noise 
 3-you a lame nigga. you aint making no noise 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise 
 3-if you a lame nigga you aint makin no noise 
 3-if you fuckin' with a lame nigga you's a lame bitch! 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-a lame nigga you ain't wit it you paranoid just admit it" 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise 
 3-if you trip over a lame nigga, you just as lame as him 
 1-if you a lame nigga you aint makin no noise! 
 1-if you a lame, nigga you ain't making no noise 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noiseeeee 
 3-if you a lame, nigga you ain't making no noise get faded turn up with the big 
 3-if you a lame nigga you ain't making no 
 0-they also don't make women wear bags over their heads 
 0-it's like a bunch of dogs with bags over their heads in a box and they just keep running into one another. ha ha 
 0-i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra 
 0-this whole scene discussing the holes in the bags over their heads is freaking priceless. 
 0-maybe shes sugesting make them all wear a potato sak or have bags over their heads not focus on looks? 
 0-i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra 
 0-how many times have saints fans worn bags over their heads since i was born is a better question 
 0-when are the saints fans going to start wearing the paper bags over their heads and become the ain'ts again? 
 0-looks will only get you do far jess" was gonna be an ugly stripper the ones with bags over their heads" 
 0-i'd love to see how they'd choose a mooslim" when they have bags over their heads! 
 0-anybody there wearing paper bags over their heads? 
 0-giants players should wear brown bags over their heads next time they receive comped court side seats at msg 
 0-jimmy clausen started today, they should've had matching mustard bags over their heads 
 0-my cousins are at this game from va beach. i wonder if they have bags over their heads yet? 
 0-if any fans show up, they might have brown paper bags over their heads! 
 0-they men or women?" yogi berra replied,"i don't know, they had bags over their heads." 
 0-damn shame, steve young and jim mcmahon probably have paperbags over their heads at this moment. 
 0-fans should show up with brown bags over their heads. this team is flat out embarrassing. 
 0-they are both pretty fucking hideous, do you think they wore bags over their heads? 
 0-are voters of ryan's wi district paying attention? they should wear paper bags over their heads and oust him in 
 0-fans should start showing up to consol wearing brown paper bags over their heads. this team is pathetic. 
 0-who else is wearing paper bags over their heads at the games? how am i going to identify you with my invasive fancam? 
 0-some fans in the er subreddit are going to wear paper bags over their heads to sunday's game. 
 0-dr. farris: i dated girls so ugly they looked better with bags over their heads 
 0-i don't know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. 
 0-speaking of auto erotic asphyxiation, how come tory mps have stopped snuffing it with bags over their heads? used to be the in thing. 
 0-yeah, they need bags over their heads to go with those uniforms. 
 0-puts bags over their heads 
 0-can't wait to see all the girls left their makeup in school to come in with paper bags over their heads tomorrow 
 0-i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra 
 0-joey and lane should wear paper bags over their heads 
 0-bunch of folks driving with bags over their heads and too small eyeholes? 
 0-so when you think women will stop putting on those black bin bags over their heads?  or  years? very timely! 
 0-so the fans could empty them and then put the bags over their heads? 
 0-but they all have paper bags over their heads 
 0-assuming they're not playing with paper bags over their heads 
 0-i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra 
 1-you a faggot if you ever cried cuz you was happy 
 1-wow wow own wow wow wtf faggot if you ever tell me how the movie is about ima fuck you up 
 3-you a faggot if you ever beeped your horn at somebody outta anger 
 1-you a faggot if you ever did the chicken head dance to a chingy song idc if you grown now you still a faggot 
 3-you could introduce a nigga to real.. and he'll still fuck wit a lame bitch 
 3-i wont even fuck wit a lame on my best day 
 3-wen u introduce a nigga to real he shud neva fuck wit a lame 
 3-why is a whole branch of my family full of white trash 
 3-all of those places were terrible and full of white trash. minus clearview 
 3-it's a state full of white trash and old people what do you expect? 
 1-i cant even trust people enough to give me the right amount of weed anymore. guess thats what i get for living in a town full of white trash 
 0-my school is full of white trash disgusting 
 0-housewives, did ya go out n get a job at macys to buy yr husband a gift that u earned the money for,  show extra love you" appreciation 
 0-i should get a job at dunkin so at least all my money went to my salary.. 
 0-weight loss tips: get a job at apple doing back of house for christmas and you'll drop  sizes and no clothes will fit you that you own 
 0-looking for to get a job at the that wants to make a difference in the world 
 0-she will get a job at chipotle's 
 3-gonna quit at taco bell fuck this place but naw really trying to get a job at omaha box. so hope this goes well 
 0-i'm saying those are papers. show me numbers, that couldn't get a job at nasa or noaa 
 0-the paparazzis should just go fucking get a job at mcdonalds selling them burgers. instead of invading the boys privacy 
 3-the paparazzis should just go fucking get a job at mcdonalds selling them burgers. instead of invading the boys privacy 
 3-can't get a job at a sam's club, white dude? lucky for you there are a million other places that are ready to hire u 
 0-you could get a job at as copy editor! 
 0-the team shared interview tips for students on how to get a job at 
 0-dunno...get a job at a liquor store? 
 3-people don't just steal shoes off your feet for a living. get a job at mcdonalds you bum fuck. 
 0-how to become a celebrity journalist: you can now interview movie, tv and sports stars, get a job at a magazine 
 0-what do you need to know to get a job at a helpdesk, service desk or call centre? this: 
 0-i'm all for hyperbole, but enough. we aren't all media graduates desperately trying to get a job at buzzfeed. shut up. 
 0-haha get a job at any mall. they have been blasting that ish for months 
 0-try and get a job at costco. they'd love people like you and working sunday's are optional and pay more 
 0-get a job at vice already 
 0-looks like you're gonna get lucky. lol. dude get a job at my work while you're in town 
 0-someone come get a job at my work. tired of being asked to work late to pick up the slack of vacant positions... 
 0-bbc interviews dogs and hedgehogs for nightly news how do i get a job at bbc? 
 0-i thought about it cause i could get a job at ulta 
 0-come get a job at my pub we drink baileys and listen to justin bieber 
 0-and during vacation i managed to get a job at another wendy's 
 0-they are are nutty. their son is even worse. i had a nutty one trying to get a job at ga harassing me yesterday. i have her 
 1-niggas dropout is school get a job at mcdonalds talking bout my grind" yeah okay, grind me up a oreo mcflurry with yo dumbass 
 0-get a job at tmz and leave ashton and his family tf alone 
 0-i hope i can get a job at arriva in the future since it seems like a great place to work! anyway off to lichfield now on  on the . 
 0-write about things that really matter in my opinion you all should try to get a job at the enquire or star 
 0-why the city hall tho? we can just get a job at shops here lol 
 0-if he fails in the music industry he'll probably get a job at apple 
 0-traveling rn, will hopefully get a job at the start of the new year 
 0-yo, goldblum. did you get a job at the fun center? 
 0-i think letting a kid get a job at  is a mistake too but these days they might need one cuz trouble out their lurking 
 3-my nigga should just get a job at liqourama or tops to do their ads 
 3-what is a good non shitty place to get a job at when u have no training in anything 
 0-all i'm trynna do is get a job at starbucks when it's built lol 
 0-if i would get a job at the hospital that'd be awesome! i've always wanted to wear scrubs 
 0-who cares if school doesnt teach us how to raise a family or get a job, at least i can find the area of a triangle. 
 0-i did get a job at noodles company today so that was pretty cool. 
 0-how do i get a job at watching sport being full of banter on twitter is the dream job really 
 0-might get a job at hooters and i'm really excited 
 0-i kinda want to get a job at starbucks. it looks like a lot of fun! 
 3-fuck off cunt and get a job instead of trying to live off stalking famous people get a job at maccas at least lad 
 0-if you're looking to recruit top performers you have to know what one is...this is one of the best  minute... 
 0-let me get a job at a strip club 
 0-you mom told me i should get a job at walmart earlier since i'm always there 
 0-yeah man i've been trying to get a job at the post office where i'd work to death but actually be able to save money 
 0-maybe shes sugesting make them all wear a potato sak or have bags over their heads not focus on looks? 
 0-i'd love to see how they'd choose a mooslim" when they have bags over their heads! 
 0-my cousins are at this game from va beach. i wonder if they have bags over their heads yet? 
 0-i think they'll say we have no right to the land that we are terrorists and we should leave 
 0-fg says state governors have no right to reduce minimum wage 
 0-she never mentioned his name, and you have no right to judge her anxiety you don't know how she felt 
 0-state governors have no right to reduce minimum wage fg 
 0-these people have no right to talk abt even a small issue of pak jo fed govt ma reh kr bi sindh ma ye haalat hain.shame 
 0-these people have no right to talk abt even a small issue of pak jo fed govt ma reh kr bi sindh ma ye haalat hain.shame 
 0-these people have no right to talk abt even a small issue of pak jo fed govt ma reh kr bi sindh ma ye haalat hain.shame 
 0-i'm not at all a fan of my dad but you have no right to talk ab him 
 0-of course, that's fair. again, i have no right to say what a poc should do. but failing to vote for a dem is saying women's... 
 0-straw man, again. you have no right to be a passenger on a commercial carrier flight. 
 0-can't be together, not now." can wait." not worth your time." have no right to say that!" i did." 
 0-state governors have no right to reduce minimum wage fg: the federal government yesterda... 
 0-meh, if they cannot defend it they have no right to complain 
 0-state governors have no right to reduce minimum wage fg: the federal government yesterda... 
 0-i have no right to be hurt, coz i am always at fault. i have no right to be nega, coz i harbor nega. i have no... 
 0-i of all people have no right to complain about the past, but even so, sometimes i... nevermind. that's a dangerous thought. 
 0-once iron got their sponsors they became a business. which means you have no right to the logo 
 0-is your religion more important than humanity. more important than life itself then you have no right to live on this planet 
 3-i love how jayden acts like we have no right to be mad and we are far up ashton's ass" 
 0-state governors have no right to reduce minimum wage fg 
 0-state governors have no right to reduce minimum wage fg the federal government yesterday declared that state... 
 0-when will people realize that they need personal space. you have no right to invade someones home and threaten their family 
 0-please respect sos and their privacy.you have no right to follow them and their families.#weloveyouashton 
 0-love is like any other luxury. you have no right to it unless you can afford it. 
 0-you have no right to do that he has a life that is none of your business let him be with his family for once... 
 0-why u sacked yogendra yadav, prashant bhushan u have no right to speak on this. 
 0-i know how i can be agressive sometimes. i have no right to be angry on my friends when they've done nothing to me. 
 0-leave arzaylea alone. you have no right to drag her in this too. 
 3-i have no right to complain about my bro being an asshole to me when i'm also and asshole 
 0-you have no right to know what's going on in my life after walking out on me like that 
 0-state governors have no right to reduce minimum wage fg 
 0-if u never thank god after every smile, then, u have no right to blame him for every tear 
 0-lvg wants an apology? remember when he told us fans we have no right to win trophies? he should've apologised 
 0-derry have no right to whinge they are getting their ground redeveloped ts. 
 0-no. don't start. he should get his privacy. you have no right to be on my page saying this ignorant crap. 
 0-if you're gunna use the words or in order to insult/offend anybody you have no right to say you're not homophobic 
 0-arnab you have no right to question party unless you are a member of bjp. 
 0-court: doctors have no right to interrogate patients about guns: the th circuit has struck a resounding blow... 
 3-my mother now: why the fuck are you tired, you haven't been doin anything at all today you have no right to be tired 
 0-fault. he rolls his eyes, exasperated by your stubbornness* then you have no right to complain that you're all 
 0-court: doctors have no right to interrogate patients about guns 
 0-we have no right to tell people what should and should not offend them tho. it may not bother you but it bothers them, so just respect ppl. 
 0-korean armys are amazing wow i have no right to talk 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government: a the federal government said, yesterday,... 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government: a the federal government said, yesterday,... 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government: a the federal government said, yesterday,... 
 3-shut the fuck up, you deserved it you bitch. it's called respect, if you don't respect them, they have no right to respect you 
 0-court: doctors have no right to interrogate patients about guns 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government 
 0-governors have no right to reduce minimum wage federal government 
 1-one cummie two cummie three cummie four how many niggers are in my store 
 1-       how many niggers are at my door 
 3-    how many niggers are in my store 
 1-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-   how many niggers are in my store 
 1-   how many niggers are in my store 
 3-, , , , , ....  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines):   how many niggers are in my 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines):   how many niggers are in my 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines) 
 3-how many niggers are in my store? 
 3-how many niggers are in my store? 
 3-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store? 
 3-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store from the bottom remix) 
 3-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store vine 
 3-,,,, how many niggers are in my store? 
 1-, , , , , ....  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-    how many niggers are in my store jk 
 3-how many niggers are in my store? and hows ur life been since the quit life lol 
 3-can't wait till my entire ig feed is full of white girls new lotion, body wash, leggings, underwater...like fuck off...we get it..your basic 
 0-cmon, everyone already knows that the egypt movie is full of white people 
 0-airport is full of white couples who think they're in love actually. 
 0-you ain't been downtown since gentrification like the bar is full of white people, white people do not live in detroit 
 0-like the bar is full of white people, white people do not live in detroit lol 
 0-even in tokyo, starbucks is full of white women 
 0-even though i hate the tag is full of white people who don't have abuelas....... 
 0-this office is full of white people and it's the first time in my life i've ever seen a functioning dishwasher 
 3-tbh walmart is full of white garbage 
 0-america is full of white men and guns. its not full of jihad but it will be soon unless you stop muslims coming. like japan. 
 0-the world is full of white girls and annoying whitegirlimitators. it's not everyday you see a radical with a mlp obsession 
 0-st period is full of white tears 
 0-florida is full of white guys with bank 
 0-reddit is full of white manbabies i swear to god 
 3-the midwest is full of white morons who don't vote in their own interest, or just don't vote at all lets politicians shit on us. 
 0-i think the reason why mcu is full of white superheroes is because they have fans like you, a racist nerd rat. 
 3-thx  following: the screen is full of white drops where i cummed over your exciting pics! the drops are slowly sliding downnow 
 0-this theater is full of white people over the age of .... idk if that's odd or not... 
 0-bet the fbi is full of white people. 
 0-you're first hand proof donald trump's base is full of white supremacists 
 0-twitter is full of people are crazy pics' lol might as well go sit under a rock till it fixes itself 
 0-my camera roll is full of white 
 3-daaamn. the gym is full of white people at this time. don't they work 
 0-my.moms getting paperwork for a house and this place is full of white people that wear suits and smell like white out 
 0-be having to borrow their dad's suits and dress shirts because their closet is full of white t's from the corner store. 
 0-the mainstream media is full of white people. there is a problem with lavender being replaced with a white 
 0-if you do not agree that europe is full of countries sir, we have nothing further to say to each other ever. 
 0-winnipeg is full of white people and abandoned factories 
 0-my school is full of white kids that windmill punch. 
 0-my block list is full of white people... 
 0-i love love love when the sky is full of white fluffy clouds 
 0-tom brady is full of white power and privilege. dude is great. 
 0-new blog post olivia's  year old mind. she currently thinks her mouth is full of white shark teeth....i... 
 0- is full of white racists listeners. parents of people who were commenting on news. somizi o brave shem. 
 0-this bar is full of white boys lol oh man 
 0-and liberals try to claim the gop is full of privilege". 
 0-cracker barrel is full of white people / 
 0-his sack is full of white stuff......................................................sugar. 
 0-egypt is full of white people. 
 0-is full of white russians and shepard's pie 
 0-essex is full of white boy's who think there god gift 
 0-went for a walk outside to get groceries, and i found out that my head is full of white stuff. it ain't dandruff, it's the belated snowfall. 
 0-this place is full of white people 
 0-my soul is full of white girls 
 3-arizona is full of white, racist homophobes so its not a shock 
 0-oklahoma city is full of white ppl lmao 
 0-black towns, schools, churches and businesses. ironic how everything you say is full of white supremacist 
 0-i swear new mexico is full of white girls with nose rings, i need to move here 
 0-and of course the star wars movie is full of white people acting crazy 
 0-there's an advertisement for an aladdin play here but the poster is full of white people 
 3-fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 3-if you fw a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 3-if you fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 0-and you be scrubbing sound like you need to be repainting 
 0-my little cousin just woke me up and was like need to cut your nails" 
 0-and how they always make us feel we can't make decisions... make you feel like you need to move mountains to get the 
 0-i've read it and done in depth studies. sounds like you need to read it 
 0-my names have all been given to me... is this something you feel like you need to do yrself? 
 0-hi john. sounds like you need to send your console in for service. here is the link to do so: 
 0-and if you feel like you to, you need to reevaluate your relationship...trust issues 
 0-you look like you need to be a bit punished after we're done, now isn't that right? winks at the other, saying it 
 1-y'all niggas ain't never winning. always a this a that like you need to get  in a row up, diagonally or sideways to win bingo dumbass 
 0-oomf: evangelina.. me: yess.. oomf: you're so beautiful..i feel like you need to be told that more often so i plan to be the one telling you 
 0-if you feel like you need to go through my phone we shouldn't be together. 
 0-sounds like you need to work a  day week. i'll be your partner in crime if you can sort that out. 
 0-hi tyler. sounds like you need to send your console in for service. here is the link to do so: 
 0-sounds like you need to air your grievances with bob 
 0-oh god, sounds like you need to go to the doctor. hope you feel better soon. 
 0-sounds like you need to air out some grievances 
 0-sweet shamelessly too aigoo, go sleep. kids like you need to sleep a lot in order to grow up 
 0-more like you need to 
 0-tfw you feel like you need to find a key to a gate with a lock on it, but all you had to do was knock it down with a simple attack. 
 0-are you good at, what do you you need to show something that makes people understand who you are." himuro tatsuya 
 0-feel like you need to expand your business through find out more at 
 0-haha, nothing wrong with that! so now that you don't have leftovers it looks like you need to go out to eat again. 
 0-lady at work complaining about her light bill being like and i'm like...you need to turn off them lights and be amish for a while. 
 0-hm... well it's not like you need to be a good actor to be on that show 
 1-girls like you need to be  feet under 
 3-people like you need to stop living. 
 0-waking up without an alarm and not feeling like you need to study 
 0-don't the stars light the sky like you need to light my 
 0-ever click on a new york post link and then feel like you need to get baptized again? 
 0-like you need to light my life 
 0-sounds like you need to take a day" 
 0-it feels tingly like you need to go to the bathroom except the other way 
 0-sounds like you need to work with a different team sometimes it just isn't a good fit 
 0-looks like you need to take care of something 
 0-staying home with family!! you sound like you need to get away!! 
 0-like you need to ask remember my tinder screenshots 
 0-sounds like you need to hire a helper 
 0-when everybody else is giving you the treating you like you need to be treated, that's especially when 
 0-you need to watch htgawm like you need to 
 0-sounds like you need to find a new bank... 
 0-sounds like you need to consult your doctor 
 0-more like you need to admit that you love being inside of me 
 0-looks like you need to fire your proof reader. 
 3-no thankkssss. only assholes like you need to exposeit!!! 
 0-if you ever feel like you need to go through their phone get out now 
 0-cuma settingan ahmad dhani an. maintenance popularitas aja dear karma, seems like you need to see my friend dhani ahmad soon 
 0-dear karma, seems like you need to see my friend dhani ahmad soon. 
 0-maybe one day i'll make you feel like you need to call me in order for the occasional swelling in your chest to go away. 
 0-what are you good at, what do you you need to show something that makes people understand who you are. himuro) 
 0-looks like you need to rest your legs badly... no more running liaoz 
 1-one cummie two cummie three cummie four how many niggers are in my store 
 1-    how many niggers are in my store 
 1-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-   how many niggers are in my store 
 1-   how many niggers are in my store 
 1-, , , , , ....  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines):   how many niggers are in my 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines):   how many niggers are in my 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines) 
 3-how many niggers are in my store? 
 3-how many niggers are in my store? 
 3-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store? 
 1-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store from the bottom remix) 
 1-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store vine 
 1-,,,, how many niggers are in my store? 
 1-, , , , , ....  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-    how many niggers are in my store jk 
 3-how many niggers are in my store? and hows ur life been since the quit life lol 
 1-yo bit wana fuck on a street nigga.. you a lame she dont really wana be withcha. 
 3-fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 3-if you ain't my nigga you a lame 
 1-hell nah you can't hang nigga what you claim nigga you a lame fucc it blow his brains 
 3-wtf you a fucking fake account gtf and wtf is a cunt nigga? you a lame noodle booty ass nigga stfu 
 3-nigga you a lame you is not official 
 1-snakes ass niggas always tryna down a nigga but wasnt i once down for you nigga you a lame ass nigga 
 3-nigga you a lame bro i'm sleep off you 
 3-lil nigga you a lame 
 3-if you fw a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 3-you ain't running game nigga you a lame 
 3-shout out to my ex nigga, you a lame nigga 
 3-if you fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 3-lmao you don't even have a check mark nigga you a lame now and you know it you get no money that's why your bitch is leavin 
 1-nigga you a lame fuck off my dick or do sum pussy 
 3-i been poppin since kindergarten nigga you a lame to me 
 3-lol you takin this social media to seriously the fuck i got to prove to you with a comeback nigga you a lame 
 3-nigga you a lame, you is unofficial 
 3-nigga you a lame you is not official 
 3-nigga you a lame you can get exposed in this bitch 
 3-nigga don't worry bout me and her nigga foh nigga you a lame nigga on the rebound 
 3-nigga you a lame you is not official 
 3-you a broke nigga, you a lame 
 3-babbbbbie if you still beefing over a nigga you a lame ass lil bitch i grew up outta that ages ago 
 3-niggas claim they from the hoof knowing og pops came from there you got cousins there and niggas you ment thru them nigga you a lame 
 1-nigga you a lame so i kaint fuck wit u.... and if you fuck wit lames shawty you a lame too! 
 3-you fw/ opps nigga, you a bitch i come from where the shootas 
 3-nigga you a lame you can get exposed in this bitch 
 3-nigga you a lame, you is not official 
 3-i'm a go getta, you a broke nigga, you a lame 
 3-nigga you a 
 3-nigga you a lame whats a goon to a goblin 
 1-nigga you a lame 
 1-one cummie two cummie three cummie four how many niggers are in my store 
 1-    how many niggers are in my store 
 1-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 1-i hate when niggers are in my business 
 1-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-   how many niggers are in my store 
 1-   how many niggers are in my store 
 3-, , , , , ....  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines):   how many niggers are in my 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines):   how many niggers are in my 
 1-  how many niggers are in my store by funny vines) 
 3-how many niggers are in my store? 
 3-how many niggers are in my store? 
 1-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store? 
 3-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store from the bottom remix) 
 3-i liked a video how many niggers are in my store vine 
 3-,,,, how many niggers are in my store? 
 3-, , , , , ....  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-, , , , , ...  how many niggers are in my store 
 3-    how many niggers are in my store jk 
 3-how many niggers are in my store? and hows ur life been since the quit life lol 
 3-don't stay wit a lame 
 3-my lil bitch wit a lame nigga im ashamed of her quit hittin that 
 3-don't stay wit a lame nigga stop it... 
 3-i see you wit a lame nigga that shit get me hot" 
 3-if you fucking wit a lame nigga expect lame shit 
 3-if you me wit a lame nigga thats my driver 
 3-i heard u fuckin wit a lame nigga 
 3-i always wonder what my future wife is doing right now. she prolly fucking wit a lame nigga who still doin lil boy shit. be patient bae 
 3-fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 3-you a lame bitch 
 3-if you don't suck dick you a lame bitch 
 3-you a lame bitch 
 3-fuck a lame nigga than you a lame bitch 
 3-if you a lame bitch you ain't makin no noise. 
 3-you a lame bitch 
 3-you a lame bitch 
 1-if you fw a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 3-aim bitch, tried to stain bitch, you a lame bitch 
 3-you a lame bitch 
 3-you a lame 
 1-if you fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch 
 1-fuck a lame nigga, then you a lame bitch 
 3-if you ain't invited tonight you a lame bitch/nigga lol 
 1-fuck a lame nigga then you a lame 
 3-guess you a lame bitch 
 3-you a lame bitch 
 3-fuxk a lame nigga then you a lame bitch 
 3-fuck a lame nxgga then you a lame bitch 
 3-btw you a lame bitch/dude if you gotta post shit about your ex to get it out there cause you know people hype that shit 
 3-that's y you a lame bitch lol 
 3-shut up you a lame bitch 
 3-fuck a lame nigga then you a lame bitch.. let me give you the game 
 3-you a lame bitch if you can't admit when another girl is bad 
 3-if you fcked with a lame nigga make you a lame 
 3-fuck a lame nigga then you a lame 
 3-you a lame bitch 
 1-if you've ever disliked me over a niqqa.. you a lame bitch 
 3-you a lame bitch 
 3-you let a broke nigha fuck you a lame bitch 
 3-if you over  still internet beefing trying to up" fights you a lame bitch 
 3-you fw/ opps nigga, you a bitch i come from where the shootas 
 3-fuck a real nigga it don't get no better fuck a lame nigga, then you a lame bitch 
 3-if you hit a lady... you a bitch nigga. ain't no but if....???" you a lame bitch nigga. 
 3-you fucking with a lame bitch, makes you a lame bitch 
 3-you a lame bitch. 
 3-you a lame bitch if you screenshot'n 
 3-you a lame bitch n ya friends lame too 
 3-if i can't go out the room for a min without you tryna go thru my phone you a lame bitch 
 3-a real bitch will tell you from rip she wanna fuck you. a lame bitch will lie saying her period is on when it 
 1-if you fuck a lame nigga than you a lame 
 3-if you got other mfs speaking up for you you a lame bitch period 
 1-fuck a lame nigga then you a lame bitch 
 3-you fuck wit a savage u need me the most i hop outta traffic 
 3-fuck wit a nigga if you fuck wit a nigga 
 1-if you fuck wit a goofy nigga then you a goofy bitch 
 3-how can you fuck wit a hoe 
 3-if you fuck wit a nigga ion fuck wit....... i can't fuck witcha 
 3-if you fuck wit a woman it's all good but if you fuckin wit a bitch you need to break ha ass den shake ha ass 
 3-i cant stand wen you fuck wit a bitch and she put damn near everything y'all do and go through on twitter that shit make me not like people 
 3-you fuck wit a savage 
 1-if you fuck wit a nigga ion fuck wit.......ion fuck wit cha. 
 1-if you fuck wit a nigga who a deadbeat dad you a trifling bitch 
 3-stop acting like you fuck wit a nigga for some retweets 
 1-you fuck wit a clown, you end up looking like a clown. 
 3-how you fuck wit a man who doesn't take care of his kids 
 3-flexin like bitch if you knew better you fuck wit a real nigga and do better 
 3-if you fuck wit a real nigga, yeah you'll do better 
 3-when u debating if you fuck wit a nigga enough to not slide in his bitch dms 
 3-niggas don't understand, shit isn't personal until you fuck wit a niggas art form. 
 3-ayo you fuck wit a josh norman 
 3-you fuck wit a lot of ppl i don't fuck wit that's why i don't fuck wit you 
 3-if you fuck wit a opp then i can't fwyyyyyyyyy 
 3-when you fuck wit a gangsta baby, you bet imaa bless ya that's real. 
 3-when u debating if you fuck wit a nigga enough to not slide in his bitch dms 
 3-how you fuck wit a nigga ride fa him allll the way but can't even put money on his books 
 3-dont act like you fuck wit a nigga oh so heavy but you still doin you d, dats crazy 
 3-if you fuck wit a nigga forreal then it ain't nothing to keepin it trill 
 3-if you fuck wit a girls makeup lie about it, the yelling is more easy than the ass whoopen i promise you 
 3-burning like after you fuck wit a straight woman. 
 3-i ain't no sucker for love but i'll really hold you down if you fuck wit a thug. 
 3-y'all trust be fucked up till you fuck wit a nigga like me 
 3-you fuck wit a snitch bro eww and your garbageeeee at ball wit no shot 
 3-and just cuz you fuck wit a nigga, don't mean the love tru it use to matter what you and ya niggas been thru 
 3-you fuck wit a opp ass nigga 
 3-real shit b. that's why you fuck wit a few 
 3-if you fuck wit a nigga you fuck wit a nigga. bitches b trying to prove it in so many ways. 
 3-i judge you bitches on the niggas you fuck wit.. you fuck wit a... 
 1-i judge you bitches on the niggas you fuck wit.. you fuck wit a... 
 3-i judge you bitches on the niggas you fuck wit.. you fuck wit a... 
 3-i judge you bitches on the niggas you fuck wit.. you fuck wit a... 
 3-i judge you bitches on the niggas you fuck wit.. you fuck wit a... 
 3-i judge you bitches on the niggas you fuck wit.. you fuck wit a corny nigga bitch you corny period 
 1-if you fuck wit a nigga you fuck wit a nigga. bitches b trying to prove it in so many ways. 
 1-i judge you bitches on the niggas you fuck wit.. you fuck wit a corny nigga bitch you corny period 
 3-when a hoe tells you wit a loyal bitch like me 
 3-that make you corny too if you fuck wit a corny nigga 
 1-if you fuck wit a nigga show love 
 3-fuck wit a nigga if you fuck wit a nigga 
 1-porch monkey 
 0-call me via 
 1-thanks porch monkey, love u too 
 1-so when i say ain't shit" i don't mean every dude in the world, i real life mean you dumb ass porch monkey's. 
 3-and for comments like this you can be sure to get labelled a house muslim and a porch monkey. by of course. 
 1-what an ugly male porch monkey 
 3-sally been cleaning like a porch monkey" 
 3-i know i don't i'm just a bum ass porch monkey 
 1-monkey 
 1-porch monkey!!! 
 3-ugly ass porch monkey 
 1-yall are really going to let cj werleman speak for you? you think its alright for him to say porch monkey and native informant? 
 1-the fact i could say so much to these porch monkey's 
 3-i dissent to mainstream exmus. activism suddenly ppl who claim they support muslims, would otherwise call me a porchmonkey r interested. 
 1-i called obama a porch monkey. he's on the democrats' porch, dancing to the tune of the liberal media. it's a metaphor!" trump 
 3-even fucking worse!!!!! you are a fucking porch monkey with a peanut for a brain. jesus, i can't imagine how poor you are. 
 3-why are u saying that likes in front of u dumb porch monkey 
 3-my boss just called me a porch monkey.......don't know how i should feel about that 
 1-listen you wetback porch monkey 
 1-well porch monkey's don't like snow anyway. 
 1-the porch monkey hates to be reminded he's a porch monkey 
 0-is a porch monkey? 
 1-you stupid sand nigger porch monkey mysogynist asshole! a fucking retarded, right wing shill!" progressives to 
 3-monkey"was the wrong term..."house muslim" was more appropriate 
 1-you should call him monkey" as well. another accepted insult among his critics 
 3-id would break you in real life also dumb porch monkey 
 1-these mexicans done got smart they don't call us niggas in spanish no more cause it's still negro so they call us porch monkey's shit 
 0-the pretend to be liberal, but when they call a porch monkey they reveal their racism. 
 1-shut up porch monkey 
 3-do you also think he's a monkey?" 
 1-majid porch monkey nawaz should get his wife to wear one to show solidarity with women being targeted by his racist mates 
 3-this guy does not know moderation he is at two extremes; salafist extremist or anti islam porch monkey 
 3-can you fuck off..noone listen to you, porch monkey 
 1-porch monkey nigger bitch 
 3-listen here porch monkey i'm massa now 
 1-mia wtf is a porch monkey her brother thats what white people call black people mia white people sit on the porch too 
 1-this emoji makes me think porch monkey 
 3-porch monkey 
 3-shut up you porch monkey lol 
 1-if i said that you'd think i'm racist. i'm not, you dirty african porch monkey. 
 0-provide dat porch monkey wit some bananas and send him on his way he sound fool af. 
 3-shut up taneeeetha nobody gives a shit bout your porch monkey references 
 1-apparently i'm a coon and porch monkey. 
 3-oh well then you look like a porch monkey 
 3-when is it a crime to say porch monkey?" 
 0- asians and  caucasian win games  against savage strikes porch monkey win game  against striking bowlers 
 1-dumb fucking porch monkey 
 1-this porch monkey is saying he himself have never heard of anyone being conflicted when it comes to supporting... 
 0-it looks like hillary is going after the porch monkey vote 
 1-what the hell is a porch monkey? sounds horrible. 
 3-if you haven't tried a redneck sup, now is the time. we don't know why you haven't but we will forgive you if you... 
 0-let those zombies have it in redneck vs. zombies 
 0-one more sleep and i'll be more redneck than y'all in my pickemup truck! yeehaw!! 
 0-midwayusa releases short stories the 
 3-so, my jeans and tshirt appalachian redneck style cut it down there?! haha. 
 3-because theyre hateful stupid. redneck is, as redneck does. 
 0-catch me humming redneck stomp to myself all day for some unknown reason. 
 3-upchurch_the_redneck's video 
 0-clearly, your language indicates that you are the 
 0-upchurch_the_redneck's video 
 0-tyler_farrredneck_crazy  
 0-redneck pony club! just had the biggest cute attack putting queenie's new saddle on her. like 
 3-redneck proud  hrs everybody needs to quit bustin steve's chops, hell the country crowned the wrong president man~ 
 0-and the illiterate nausea feeling triggered by the redneck vestibular system down them 
 0-a redneck is a redneck to hillary. 
 3-q: who was the first redneck in the bible? a: cain because he married his sister. 
 3-it can go from redneck women to freak hoe in . 
 0-christmas the most beautiful woman and my redneck island champion 
 3-yeah i work in faux redneck county so it ain't happening 
 3-ppl in the office planning a redneck day... a day in which they all about to dress country and talk like a redneck 
 0-redneck woman shocks a welfare worker in the office. but then her response is priceless. 
 1-it was sarcasm. but i guess you aren't old enough to comprehend that. dumb redneck? hmm, okay bud. nice one. 
 0-no mississippi, alabama, louisiana, the redneck teabilly red states, section white gop states! charity states! 
 3-redneck roughneck noneck 
 0-another part of a redneck agenda 
 3-i corrected you because you're a dumb redneck and you said this isn't a college level essay competition, which i then / 
 0-you might be a redneck couple of you get each other's christmas gifts at tractor supply 
 0-said free water n lower elec bill. redneck. antibusiness. fb says most of the those feel it necessary 
 0-i know, you thought i was a redneck bigot. sorry to disappoint 
 3-when there's a redneck arguing with a vietnamese at the nail salon 
 0-you know you're a redneck when... 
 0-watching ridiculousness and they do the redneck segment and rob says when i think of this it's time to do my best ohioan voice. ok 
 0-i can't believe that a girl i graduated high school with is going to be on cmt redneck island!! lol 
 0-the pitiful tree, he tops his attention back to his redneck companion. 
 3-dont you love when a redneck has an ass 
 3-dont you love it when some redneck ass music thats already in your phone plays and wakes u up 
 0-wal mart in tville is like being in redneck hell. move on out rude people. 
 3-if the redneck kid next door keeps throwing that handegg against the walls, i'm going to fight him and his redneck parents 
 0-i love listening to music falling asleep to it 
 0-muslim family after us holiday ban no embarrassment for you mate all on the redneck yanks small minded 
 0-now playing from my audio collection: the redneck reindeer' by joe diffie 
 3-just spent  minutes chasing a redneck grandma around town because she tried to ram me with her jeep. welcome to bedford. 
 0-grandmother right heck humbly each of control redneck jfk 
 3-may all of you find the strength to hold your tongue this holiday season. loose lips cause redneck rows. 
 3-oh i mean it's a redneck status symbol but it actually is a great product haha 
 0-finding your groove at work is a piece of cake today, enabling... more for leo 
 0-still ain't a redneck 
 0-well today starts off bad my lil bro got all his presents and i didn't even get one 
 0-joe diffie leroy the redneck reindeer 
 1-any redneck white daddies out there need a lil mexican boy? 
 3-open voice nyc woman files lawsuit claiming cop called her gay slur; dyke... 
 1-suck dat head like a dyke 
 3-when your dyke friend is too real 
 3-lol bull dyke 
 3-it was fuckin fire 
 0-my feet were not nasty foh 
 0-and she's staring at you thinking about how nasty your feet were when you came in smh 
 3-spit it to a dyke, get the leverage kick it for a night, that's the blessin' might hit it twice if i'm guessin, 
 0-i'm staring at this nail tech in lust she doing me too good nh 
 3-that one time that dyke asked you to and chill" 
 3-transparent contempt for dyke culture 
 0-pps say hi to dick van dyke for me. just heard him in the studio 
 1-i thought it was a bull dyke !!! 
 0-lady madonna black dyke band tune in now at 
 0-this boy had no time to talk and do a plan of action. sometimes you just need to get on with it. 
 3-get the fuck over it dyke 
 3-black dyke named johntavia arrested for kicking a  year old in the face in anger! 
 0-bb visits the museum! sheri van dyke ws radio 
 3-she corny as hell for that... 
 0-real 
 0-some of the houses in dyke road are close to million pounds so some properties do match central london prices 
 1-halsey is a problematic emo punk dyke 
 3-stop talking that tough shit cause you dyke bitches ain't bout that! 
 3-under tipping is by far the shittiest, low rent dyke move a man can pull. 
 1-go lose your veeginity to some homeless dyke 
 0-brighton beach and devils dyke 
 0-genius is talent set on fire by courage. henry van dyke 
 0-webcam brunette shooting pool in schoolgirl skirt and shows 
 3-i actually look like a dyke rn 
 3-only term i ask ppl not to call me is dyke. some people find it offensive some don't but if i ask you not to call me something, then dont 
 3-dyke gay female had did the definition get confused 
 0-i wanna meet dick van dyke so bad 
 3-you on the same level as manny fresh when it comes to transitioning into a full dyke 
 3-dykes tried to make up a new word like a stud" no bitch you a dyke 
 1-it was sarcasm you fuckin dyke 
 1-i wanna fight every dyke alive 
 1-slap that head like a dyke 
 0-woke up to a goodbye kiss 
 1-this one dyke 
 0-qatar could still be stripped of  world cup, says greg dyke the times 
 1-she's leaving home black dyke band tune in now at 
 0-dick van dyke, famed hollywood song and dance man and famously nice guy, kicked off his th year in los angeles this weekend with a flash 
 3-happy birthday dirty dyke 
 0-p many thudding floor/wall shaking impacts have begun again. feel like a tormented caged animal 
 3-fuck you towel head, this is fake lol 
 0-the guardian was a promiscuous go getter, the wise man with the tea towel head was the real father" 
 3-thats a terrorist threat and should be reported if you call them a towel head they would make a report 
 3-good that was everyone will stop calling me a towel head 
 3-why am i a towel head? 
 1-smh towel head 
 3-but do you really trust these fucking kamazie, towel head wearing, american hating pieces of shit. 
 3-those bomb prank videos with that towel head jackass aren't funny 
 3-there was a towel head driving it 
 1-fuck it towel head avi 
 1-he looks like a towel head anyways so that's expected from him 
 1-just put on flak bcuz he throws nades like a towel head 
 1-go fuck a camel towel head 
 1-you're a towel head? 
 0-towel head? but i wear no towel on my head... 
 1-the paper towel head punt killed me 
 0-towel head 
 3-go back to mecca towel head 
 1-i'm hunting that towel head down and blowin his face off w a  gauge 
 1-imagine when a cpl holder shoots a towel head with an ak to stop a major attack. what will the left say then? 
 1-imagine when a cpl holder shoots a towel head with an ak to stop a major attack. what will the left say then? 
 0-imagine when a cpl holder shoots a towel head with an ak to stop a major attack. what will the left say then? 
 0-imagine when a cpl holder shoots a towel head with an ak to stop a major attack. what will the left say then? 
 1-imagine when a cpl holder shoots a towel head with an ak to stop a major attack. what will the left say then? 
 1-imagine when a cpl holder shoots a towel head with an ak to stop a major attack. what will the left say then? 
 0-imagine when a cpl holder shoots a towel head with an ak to stop a major attack. what will the left say then? 
 0-imagine when a cpl holder shoots a towel head with an ak to stop a major attack. what will the left say then? 
 0-imagine when a cpl holder shoots a towel head with an ak to stop a major attack. what will the left say then? 
 0-imagine when a cpl holder shoots a towel head with an ak to stop a major attack. what will the left say then? 
 0-imagine when a cpl holder shoots a towel head with an ak to stop a major attack. what will the left say then? 
 3-imagine when a cpl holder shoots a towel head with an ak to stop a major attack. what will the left say then? 
 3-imagine when a cpl holder shoots a towel head with an ak to stop a major attack. what will the left say then? 
 1-i'm an original founder of towel head gang he wear it like a female 
 0-come over now. and ignore my towel head 
 0-but i'd let paula deen call me a towel head if it meant i could get in on those biscuits though 
 1-you are you are a towel head looking mf. foh 
 0-that towel head is a moron. 
 3-towel head 
 1-stfu towel head 
 3-obama is a dickhea... er...towelhead... aka 
 3-just carpet bomb disney for making a towel head movie. smart republican 
 3-i'm saying merry christmas  every towel head i run into today. 
 1-ring me towel head 
 0-a towel head that raps and refers to himself as an indian to confuse innocent blondes. got 
 3-he not that nigga a towel head 
 1-shamwow towel head ass boy 
 1-ur towel head back at 
 0-yes lucas i'm a towel head and an extremist. you got me!! 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-i added a video to a playlist muzzy the phantom high maintenance) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-bless us and our daily struggles these hoes dnt understand muzzy 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-daily deals muzzy  grain blade screwin pk broadheads  
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-sports health muzzy  grain blade screwin pk broadheads  
 0-it's calld muzzy radicalism don't deserve to have the name spelld correctly 
 0-i added a video to a playlist muzzy calling out kg skyelle) release] 
 0-this muzzy? 
 0-shoes life. pls keep up with the program or you cant sit with us 
 0-shoot em up xmas sesh in a bit? 
 0-ok gurls whatever 
 0-we're talking about shoes here there's no such thing as patience 
 0-hahaha wait la i mounting la wont be out till next tuesday bruh 
 0-i want complain abt smth. why our shoes havent come ah??? what is this service 
 0-can we finally meet 
 0-finally, stress free. needed this mount so much 
 0-sometimes you forget the people that would drop everything for you. 
 0-ever since that night me me mee i found a reason to smile and be happy hope she needs no one when there's this muzzy~ 
 0-letz rock by muzzy 
 0-ey thanks muzzy, just a couple days until your turn yay! 
 0-i see it was delivered after your last tweet. apologies for the delay, please see for claim info. 
 0-this guy isn't going to stop is he. muzzy version of katie hopkins. 
 0-it may have to be a classic muzzy mushroom 
 0-so glad i keep subscribing to this holiday challenge 
 3-shock horror. muzzy cunt. 
 0-i liked a video from muzzy calling out kg skyelle) 
 0-very very very good vm muzzy.... voice over is just perfect muz. my ded feels are missing 
 0-iam just stuffing mine gel excuse my muzzy i'll get a shave once i've finished 
 0-i was actually sleeping. my friends hacked my twitter 
 0-still no reply again and its nearly  oclock what is the point of special delivery guaranteed??? 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-and bass] btsm x lektrique religion remix) 
 0-maybe muzzie women are too danged ugly. 
 0-outrage over leads to schools closure need more such outrage) 
 0-definitely for muzzie removal 
 0-outrage over leads to schools closure need more such outrage) 
 0-outrage over leads to schools closure need more such outrage) 
 0-outrage over leads to schools closure need more such outrage) 
 0-outrage over leads to schools closure need more such outrage) 
 3-put this fucking muzzie scumbag in prison for life 
 3-the muzzie looks like a thug: british father speaks about how his muslim family was barred from going to 
 3-if you're muzzie you are) you have a lot in common with isis, 
 1-get these muzzie shits out of texas 
 1-i like to see muzzie vermin killed. you started this war, not us. 
 1-honest cartoon of the muzzie, homo degenerate, liar, chimpanzee in the wh. 
 1-pack of inbred can't fly from uk to socal, says dhs. muzzie lovers whine to 
 0-wench' isn't an acceptable term to use, whatever your opinion, if you're trying to engage in reasonable discourse 
 0-the muzzie wench that shot up california posed a threat and made postings prior to coming but she got a visa with no prob 
 1-we should kill all of you and let sort you out. allah u fuckbar, muzzie. 
 0-but a muzzie can b a goat humper though right? 
 1-we are anti muzzie here at sainsburys 
 1-u r expecting too much from a muzzie educated or not most of them ungrateful, bigots and antinational 
 3-rotherdam has more to do with the general breakdown of family values in uk. the muzzie bastards were just taking advantage. 
 3-how is the muzzie invasion in sweden 
 0-y not a muzzie girl? 
 0-if i was her, i'd do the same in at least  case, a muzzie doctor deliberately let an infidel patient die! 
 0-u can be whatever u want to be. fat and muzzie is ur choice 
 0-man vs monkey copy right battle. if monkey prevails in right to ownership we can expand that to marriage rights. muzzie goat marriage 
 0-of course not, muzzie obumma protecting his buddies 
 0-ever notice how o talks so kind about muzzies but not jews, hindu's, mormon's, baptists, etc. how come o is % muzzie 
 0-amen!! no more muzzie religious garbage in our schools! 
 1-lol. i'm not a muzzie, i'm just pointing out that jesus liked to fuck farm animals. must've been a southerner. 
 0-thanks muzzie scumbags! diseases like scurvy, tb rebound in uk 
 1-he's a muzzie posing as a trumpbacker...lol 
 1-i'm not a muzzie! i have no muzzie friends! fuck all muzzies! murderers! 
 1-and the idf should use muzzie vermin for target practice. 
 0-they're not saying it but this was definitely terrorism and probably muzzie. 
 0-arkie muzzie couple thrown out of mall because behavior via 
 3-fuck you muzzie 
 0-our is called 
 1-jews terrorists? you are one bloody muzzie wanker. 
 3-yet another pos muzzie heading right to hell fast just not fast enough ban islam 
 0-muzzie in penn. gets arrested for...trying to buy slave girls!!! 
 3-muzzie in penn. gets arrested for...trying to buy slave girls!!! 
 0-nope. takes a lot more to do that. but tweeting promuzzie stuff would do it instantly. 
 3-lol. the ziotard is blocking everybody bc he is running out of comebacks besides fucker 
 3-lol true. anjem and your mom are pumping out asswipes" like you. its your mom dude 
 3-must be making more little inbred muzzie asswipes like u trying on ur dad! 
 0-did you know it was a militant muzzie who assassinated mahatma gandhi? 
 3-it sure wont be a f'n moronic muzzie pos! lol! 
 1-he is different. he's a kenyan kommie kumquat muzzie lover. 
 0-dizzying music, camera angles and trevor howard's pencil muzzie bound to keep me awake tonight 
 0-not even gift shopping that's done. just for, kike, errands. oy. 
 1-a german kike! 
 3-good thats hos i kike 
 0-kike 
 0-i'm at joseph 
 0-miss talking to you 
 0-hi kike. we are sorry for the issues you've experienced with your order. we would recommend that you con... 
 0-ok i guess you kike pikachu 
 0-act like a kike... and we treat you like one. 
 0-sho kike! me caes mal! u.u 
 0-that can work well too. stuani is the best partner for kike's technical ability or nugent's nous at no. . 
 0-stuani and kike look good together in a way bamford and kike never did. much success can come from this if use it wisely 
 3-spawned kike offspring. interesting. 
 0-also isis' candidate of choice 
 0-bestfriends coming home 
 0-literally feel kike im going to pass out 
 0-should boro allow kike to leave in january? i voted no in the poll! have your say: 
 0-regrann from lee_levii happy birthday lee good time and 
 0-kike adapting to the boro way, every time i see a photo of him he's wearing that tracksuit 
 1-ko me kike soe i go buy 
 3-blame that fucking kike that runs fb 
 1-how dare you slander ben every kike on a spike" garrison by suggesting that he isn't really hitler? 
 0-regrann from cadena ser real madrid 
 0-kike 
 0-regrann from realmadrid_portugal yesterday ronaldo in miami 
 0-there is no problem in failing, no big deal kike sarasola 
 3-kike followback 
 0-so you want to create maps using drones? by kike calvo via 
 0-happy birthday kike 
 0-rentals is out! aereosky_qr_yuc 
 1-the genocidal history of the word redskin via for kike dan snyder and his nigger players! 
 0-happy birthday riffmeister dave, up the irons 
 0-rentals is out! aviamex@gmail.com 
 0-i wanna leave my house is kike 
 0-avance warlock mayor remix)   
 0-full turn up next year summer with 
 0-my mom and kike aren't even surprised that i'm awake at this time anymore. 
 0-woke up like 
 0-ive been laughing at adachis dance for kike  minutes 
 1-his kids to jerk himself off on stage and tv don't use my children to attack me!! is such a slimy crypto kike 
 0-can someone tell me what r moon and sun signs kike what they represent for me 
 0-have you heard sanchez by kike sanchez iscar on 
 3-need to transfer, school called my mom tlkin bout i have to come today! fuck this fucking test kike foh 
 0-i actually had to give that guy a follow aww da efeezy kike 
 3-he doesnt say shit kike this anymore and omg imma kill someone 
 0-kike 
 0-yez i think so 
 0-i have diana and kike because they wok me up earlier and i've been up since 
 3-imagine if we played kike in the prem 
 0-just posted a photo 
 1-open voice nyc woman files lawsuit claiming cop called her gay slur; dyke... 
 3-suck dat head like a dyke 
 0-when your dyke friend is too real 
 1-lol bull dyke 
 3-it was fuckin fire 
 0-my feet were not nasty foh 
 0-and she's staring at you thinking about how nasty your feet were when you came in smh 
 3-spit it to a dyke, get the leverage kick it for a night, that's the blessin' might hit it twice if i'm guessin, 
 0-i'm staring at this nail tech in lust she doing me too good nh 
 3-that one time that dyke asked you to and chill" 
 3-transparent contempt for dyke culture 
 0-pps say hi to dick van dyke for me. just heard him in the studio 
 3-i thought it was a bull dyke !!! 
 0-lady madonna black dyke band tune in now at 
 0-this boy had no time to talk and do a plan of action. sometimes you just need to get on with it. 
 3-get the fuck over it dyke 
 3-black dyke named johntavia arrested for kicking a  year old in the face in anger! 
 0-bb visits the museum! sheri van dyke ws radio 
 3-she corny as hell for that... 
 0-real 
 0-some of the houses in dyke road are close to million pounds so some properties do match central london prices 
 3-halsey is a problematic emo punk dyke 
 3-stop talking that tough shit cause you dyke bitches ain't bout that! 
 3-under tipping is by far the shittiest, low rent dyke move a man can pull. 
 3-go lose your veeginity to some homeless dyke 
 0-brighton beach and devils dyke 
 0-genius is talent set on fire by courage. henry van dyke 
 0-webcam brunette shooting pool in schoolgirl skirt and shows 
 3-i actually look like a dyke rn 
 3-only term i ask ppl not to call me is dyke. some people find it offensive some don't but if i ask you not to call me something, then dont 
 3-dyke gay female had did the definition get confused 
 0-i wanna meet dick van dyke so bad 
 3-you on the same level as manny fresh when it comes to transitioning into a full dyke 
 1-dykes tried to make up a new word like a stud" no bitch you a dyke 
 1-it was sarcasm you fuckin dyke 
 1-i wanna fight every dyke alive 
 1-slap that head like a dyke 
 0-woke up to a goodbye kiss 
 3-this one dyke 
 3-haha, at least i'm. it a fat lazy cunt! look forward to seeing your tweets x 
 3-i cunt envision a nudie play; maybe like: little go peepee; r snow white n the  naked dwarves!!!??? 
 3-don't you fucking dare use us for your political ends. we are no one's fucking personal army so fuck off you stupid cunt 
 3-disgusting, clearly didn't want you stalking his fucking family on his time off. disrespectful cunt 
 3-feelings are a cunt 
 1-ur a official cunt now 
 3-it is you cunt 
 3-if it makes u feel any better i rang him and then called him a cunt and had a go at him 
 3-william hague cos he's a cunt! 
 3-you smarmy smug tory cunt. 
 0-sprinkling in cunt every other sentence 
 3-working out makes pornstar teen horny 
 3-as funny as cancer' find it pretty funny' cunt. 
 3-hearing my housemate shout fuck cunt piss fuck this upstairs playing fifa. he's playing on easy just to point out. 
 3-i'm gonna go sneeze on the cunt and see how she likes it fs 
 3-cunt lol 
 1-go fuck yourself. she deserves her phone being smashed. you deserve your face being smashed. you're a disrespectful cunt. 
 3-what are you doing with your life you silly 
 3-i don't get why girls use their period and pregnancy as an excuse to be a cunt lol be like shit i'm on my period maybe i should relax" 
 3-he's a cunt 
 3-i am a happy cunt thanks 
 3-dragging mine and his mates names into it? ur a proper cunt and everyone finally knows it 
 3-biggest cunt i know, and believe me i know alot of cunts 
 3-comparing the difficulty his family have been through to watching a game of football. what a monumental cunt you are 
 3-do they know its christmas time! i've course they fucking do geldoff you scruffy cunt as they are a predominately christian nation! 
 3-oh, humour? yeah, calling someone cunt, exposing their identities is defo humour. 
 3-fans like need to stfu and concentrate on being a doctor. fucking one balled bald cunt. 
 3-just my luck  days before christmas and my bank is getting hacked some black cunt bumping my 
 3-should i be a provoked or not..? 
 3-dutch cunt 
 3-i just sent an email saying you next tuesday" and immediately regretted it and hoped he didn't think i was in fact calling him a cunt! 
 3-as an anon od some standing, can fuck right off with that bullshit the radge cunt 
 3-kinky brunette getting fucked in her tight cunt on sofa 
 1-its because of hillary clinton is the reason why i'm broke that stupid fucking cunt 
 3-cunt can't have fun without being drunk or drugged up nowadays 
 3-jessie rogers smoking super hot cunt 
 1-lucy is such a cunt 
 0-be a candy cane cunt in this feliz navidad world 
 3-its sick what has happened to ashton. hope you're happy you inconsiderate cunt 
 3-ye fuck off cunt 
 0-big eyes to big heart account of mine) 
 0-first time i wish this nightmare came true and killed them 
 3-same you cunt 
 3-jessie rogers smoking super hot cunt 
 3-jessie rogers smoking super hot cunt 
 3-fucking tit rocking, cunt playing 
 3-when your ex is actually the biggest cunt you have ever met your life!!!!!!!!! man needs fucking help 
 3-aye he's a cunt mate 
 1-follow me back ya cunt 
 3-if any of you follow a person called pete barton is username is petebarton you need to report him. he's a sick cunt. 
 1-you fag hahaha 
 1-stupid fag 
 3-how is that covering his face hes laughing at your dumb ass hahaha start more shit over media fag 
 0-you could have done a powerpoint presentation with music in the back 
 3-dude report the match why be a fag its a dollar 
 3-for clarity, i'm using louis ck's meaning of fag. 
 0-the buzz factor is off the charts today and you're so excited more for gemini 
 3-aww... poor fag. 
 3-the fuck you tag me for 
 3-need tea and a fag... with food and then all thats missing would be bae... 
 3-do it fag 
 1-lost all his grace at the fag end of his life. unbelievably desperate show of begging 
 3-swiggity swag, said the fag. 
 3-i sound so basic and stupid but i am dying for a fag 
 3-there is a new shop in huntly called the fag man i wonder what he sells 
 3-so my gramp just rolled hisself a fat off fag and is now running around my house shouting i'm smoking a joint, i'm smoking a joint' 
 3-if somebody call me a fag i'm just gone laugh at me cause i know i ain't gay 
 3-you left me fag 
 3-also the comments on here are absurd. shows how people only read headlines. the reporter is still a fag though 
 1-someone just yelled at me on the way into barnes and noble so that's how my days going 
 3-let's talk english itt. op is defiantly not a fag. 
 3-how an alcoholic tea" 
 3-this fag got me in the rain 
 3-yeah i tweeted this out like an hour ago fag 
 3-what a fag 
 1-your a fag i would never suck a dick your a fucking homo 
 1-you're a fag who does this to bitches now a days 
 3-happy birthday fag 
 0-obrr office of bad rune reading uk growth estimate revised down to .% for rd quarter. soggy fag packet plan failing 
 0-girl asked me and evan for a fag in town, she looked about  
 3-come back fag 
 1-im sorry too but fuck you frame i dont forgive u fag 
 3-could nip out for a fag? 
 3-u gotta let go of the wolf pack vybez when u ready for settle down. if not u a fag. 
 3-love the rain, till my fag goes out. 
 3-hahah no u stop being a fag 
 1-hahaha yeah i am a fag. the fag that got his dick sucked by you 
 1-panthers was calling odell a fag before the game. lol 
 3-thought you were a hipster fag? star wars is cool now so you should hate it 
 3-privacy, search it in the dictionary u lil fag 
 1-nah your the only fag here 
 3-is noora is fag or not? 
 1-i know fag im cruifnf 
 3-did you just call the lord a fag? 
 3-i'm a vsco fag follow me perryan 
 3-i wanna go on a walk, with a fag and get lost:p 
 3-i still owe you a drink for you birthday fag let's go grab a drink 
 3-good video fag 
 0-just gave my mum a menthol fag and she can't hack it loooool 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
0-don't miss this home!  drake street nw, coon rapids mn  open house: sunday /, : : pm 
 
0-my two maine coon kittens of  months sleeping synchronously 
 
0-i can't deal with a slow internet connection. just can't... 
 
0-mental health practitioner coon rapids day treatment program|coon rapids| 
 
0-mental health practitioner coon rapids day treatment program coon rapids accurate home care 
 
0-mental health practitioner coon rapids day treatment program coon rapids accurate home care 
 
1-ben carson thinks it's okay to have a confederate flag hanging on your property this nigglet is the biggest coon ever lol where his mother? 
 
0-kills, captivity does. death another forget you not, we won't. 
 
0-diamond keep actin up ima go to her job and be a coon 
 
0-cries. i'm turning into a weebcoon 
 
0-saw this gorgeous  / year old maine coon today. she's available for adoption and would love 
 
0-jet stream the maine coon riding out last storm with dad. 
 
3-i'm not even a coon girl 
 
1-from what i've seen men and women coon at the same rate. 
 
3-care of me! pls buy my coon ass somethin im broke or i wont date every single bw 
 
0-interesting data on quantifying value of the internet...net benefits 
 
0-thank 
 
0-if he is aryan then will say him to leave world 
 
0-sir if he is aryan then will ask him to leave india 
 
0-radio nordfront interview a russian patriot and a classic radio stormer episode for you today, all at radio aryan. 
 
0-hope u check ur fb messages, all message requests also dear. u r awesome. 
 
0-jewish man having his nose measured during aryan race determination tests in nazi germany,  
 
0-oldpicsarchive: a jewish man having his nose measured during aryan race determination tests in nazi germany,  
 
0-a jewish man having his nose measured during aryan race determination tests in nazi 
 
0-ao aryan huy miss you na!! happy that i'll be able to see you tomorrow. enjoy your hike! and god bless you more this incoming year ily! 
 
0-aryan, what is the version of fifa? 
 
0-measured during aryan race determination tests in nazi germany,  
 
0-i'm sorry. did i offend your white supremacist, aryan nation, neonazi, best fascist friends somehow? 
 
0-caucasian euro aryan whatever.. really doesn't matter. they're damn sure not white!! 
 
0-sir a patient named aryan khan village meeranpur pratapgarh who is suffering from like dengu has refferd to sgpgi lko help 
 
0-happy birthday bro have an happy year ahead 
 
0-aryan kapoor is such a cute name tho we want k&amp;s first look 
 
