fuck dykes 
at least i dont look like jefree starr faggot 
is a fag" jackie jealous" neeeee 
you heard me bitch but any way i'm back th texas so wtf u talking about bitch ass nigga 
your a dirty terrorist and your religion is a fucking joke, you go around screaming allah akbar doing terrorist shit. dirty faggot. 
rt looking like faggots? 
well i thought you knew actually rt man why y'all didn't tell me i was a dick riding ass faggot? y'all not real 
i know. it was a joke, faggot. 
i'm tired of people saying i look like my brother calling me deondre' like serious succ my ass fag asses 
yeah. cuz 8 million people in faggot ass are jews&gt; fuck them right? fuck bibi netanyahu. right? 
word is you use roids, stupid hypocrite lying faggot. 
i hate faggots like you 
shut up nigger whore! hope u get raped by one of those animals. might change your tune. 
fuck you nigger sheboon. hope you r strung up like all niggers should be. whitepower. 
they used to tie both ends of a niggers legs to 2 different horses and beat him as the horses spread until his legs break smh 
good night fags and fagettes the female version of fags like fag-ettes to make it female) i hate you all. 
i cant stand no crybaby ass nigga. if you gonna act like a bitch i will leave yo ass after i instavideo yo stupid lookin ass 
rt no you're a nigger 
fuck you til you love me faggot" mike tyson 
what's your problem? don't u know jews control niggers? read a book or two. 
i fucking hate you niggers bruh... 
rt some species of birds have been known to hold funerals for their deceased. 
i remember draft prom night, my dress wouldn't zip up and i was bawling my eyes out and screaming i didn't want to go... so funny. haha. 
damn eli. that's just ruff. i'm not even gonna trash talk that one. get your game together eli. you're a good qb. stop with the to's 
also, happy armistice day, anachronists! hun is either at your throat or at your feet.&#8221; churchill 
a friend suggested i dress as a fairy for a halloween party we're attending...i'm thinking more wizardess of course. 
rt apparently means anyone else&#8221; i always thought it was a ghetto word for 
so i was suspended for a day because of a random lag spikes that force me to close the client and relog and suspended. gg 
w/ some moxy! big comeback again!!! major penalty killed the caps.great game. 5 cases of 
pollo&#128523;&#128523;&#128523; 
you wear shorty shorts and fuzzy boots in negative degree weather. 
awww, that's cute! my niece's guinea pig crawled up her dad's pants well i don't think i need to finish this sentence.lol 
then gave the ole uncle charlie to mr ortiz 
rt if i had a dollar for every time i died on flappy bird 
rt the fact that kim kardashian's app may make million makes me wish we can speed up the process of having the apes take ove&#8230; 
i play for keeps you play wit me its gon be yellow tape! 
you're an idiot. 
a mock up of my wedding photos 
only in vermont is it big news that our govern got a buck 
sitting alone watching white chicks, no pants, fuzzy blankets, tea turn up 
i want to go to a haunted house maybe get possesed y'know just to see if ghosts are real 
bucks the browns get johnny 
i was with a bitch with a mustash for a year and a half? wtf is wrong itch me 
rt huge ass, small waist okay face bitches really think they famous 
bobby flay in this bitch 
i'm never gonna be ok with my nigga around alot of bitches while with his boys. cause i was once that female your boys put you on 
where the bad bitches at? lol 
rt i just can't help but to hate you. even though you never intentionally did anything to me you're still a cunt. 
rt you females overlook us geeks. when i take these glasses off, i'm no longer clark kent. i go superman in that pussy. fa&#8230; 
rt funday" hoe quotes 
i know these bitches did not leave me, again. 
rt young, attractive, successful, supportive, faithful man w his own everything..u think bringing solely pussy to the table is 
rt shut the fuck up ugly ass bitch nigga i stole your setup 
emma watson slays every single harry potter movie. each film becomes her bitch. 
know i don't know karate bitch" loooool how am i just finding out about this now, this is amazing 
i love bad bitches that my fucking problem.... 
rt i respect any nigga that getting money and fuckin hoes 
rt rt how side bitches be when you pick them up in daylight hours 
bitch killa gone be dacing in that bitch cdfu 
why is this niggah still tweetn tf 
i'm arrogant and my bitch conceited 
can i get some soy sauce for this bitch? 
can i hit that pussy way i wanna while this record playing 
rt niggas with face tats are the same ones that stole your animal crackers in elementary smh they just dont give a fuck 
rt i'm not giving these hoes free meals so they can go lay up with the dude they can't get over. nope. 
all i ask for is love n loyalty. nothing else. no arguing over other bitches/niggas no he say she say no social media bs... just love 
the last thing he cares about is fantasy owners 
damn right, akbar. 
i've got backup 
he also let his team down. it's a must win game. 
one is going to replace the production of odell beckham jr. he's let a lot of fantasy owners down."-@akbar_gbaja 
man shouting akbar' drives into crowd 
it's actually perfect for you man! always on the 
nan akbar's in leeds, west yorkshire) 
videos: immigrant somali muslim woman yelling allahu akbar intentionally ran over 40 people on... 
was trump right? officers say pockets of muslims celebrated 9/11 via 
was trump right? officers say pockets of muslims celebrated 9/11 via 
female killer in las vegas shouted as she ran over 40 innocent people last night 
shah jee what is wrong with you today, just talking of death and destruction. allah o akbar. 
should check it he was secretly converted to islam by saddamn houssein in late 80's. he often says allah akbar 
admiral akbar didn't shout a trap" in the new star wars so i want my money back 
female killer in vegas shouted as she ran over people 
female killer in las vegas shouted as she ran over 40 innocent people last night 
same goes for you 
female killer in vegas shouted as she ran over people 
checking out killer in las vegas shouted as she ran ove" on america conservative 2 conservat: 
brother makes a living off accusing people of but does not know what means. allahou akbar! 
need more people like you 
there's always something going on in a tesco car park 
muslim immigrant chanted while raping gas station to appear in... 
i'd love it if my girl smoked with me 
one person followed me automatically checked by 
france says they a number of al-mourabitoun fighters near al akbar said they were platforme: 
was trump right? officers say pockets of muslims celebrated 9/11 via news from english papers. 
sister the islamic argument for hijab akbar is if you don't wear it you get what u desrve rape. sister do u know? 
just smashing a akbar with 
eyewitness claims las vegas vehicle attack carried out by muslim screaming akbar'... media blackout.. 
the witness who reported the woman who mowed down 35 people shouted alahu akbar: via 
carlos already told me it was yours lmao 
i'm not even in this 
why would i hashtag my twitter name if it was really me lol 
they are going to ban vehicles now as well. ohhh wait only guns kill people my mistake!!! 
on his phone and still slaying but no dm's 
gain 769 with tweet) 
female killer in las vegas shouted as she ran over 40 innocent people last night 
see more reports she was screaming allahu akbar in this vehicular terror attack. media blackout 
gain 8513 with tweet) 
dem philly niggas b so great at that dressing them some fly niggas they make everything they put on look great 
l7 watery likebots your videos 
there's only 1 allah akbar only 1 allah akbar 
great minds think alike lmao 
told ya, sapios think alike. nfl films, invaluable in terms of popularizing football... john facenda, the voice of god. 
u and caskey sound alike..i love ur style. 
cons out.a great gift for all canadians alike. 
saaame. lol we think alike 
when harry said his celebrity crush is frankie sanford and louis frankie look alike 
depends how we define race? i still don't know what the fuck race means. for instance, not all ppl look alike. 
twins look so alike their dad tell them apart. then he notices something odd on her 
i'm really just a darker and younger version of my mother. so crazy how much we look alike and people think we're sisters. 
me and you are so alike is why we should date! 
own nightmare. what you thought you were playing and what you thought you saw, always ends up being different. big and small channels alike 
heheh thanks sua!! and i thought he was making some other game? think it had a batler look-alike in it) 
ariana and her mom look so much 
they say great minds think alike 
omg i said him and charlie look alike 
i feel u bc same with tae kookie hahah they don't look alike 
lol i hate when females say all niggas alike...not tru 
only on the 3rd ep of is there a reason for all the guys looking alike? thought they were gonna be bros but no? 
all my fam. tlk alike answerin' fones, ion be knowin who da hell im tlkin too i 
not all white people are alike some are just born fucked up. 
hillary are a lot alike.both: 1) have supported universal healthcare don't now) 2) will say anything to win 3) have race baited. 
shoot i'm alike destinys child... can you pay my bills, can you pay my telephone, cable, car, keep it going!! 
i had to buy something some very sexy and tease perfume. they all look alike to me lol don't make fun hahaha 
i literally hate this generation. yall lame like damn... everybody all act alike it's annoying 
i couldn't tell jin and jimin apart and idek why since they look nothing alike 
people who will crucify vegans for not being perfect are the worst. vegans and meat eaters alike. none of you are cruelty free 
all happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. 
great minds think alike. 
yall are savages, but they do look exactly alike tho lol 
sperms and tadpoles look alike. now eye see why prince charming was a frog 
great phone shuffle alike? idk lol 
mrs. gosier's friends compared/contrasted versions of the story gingerbread man." ask your child how they are alike different. 
some kpop stans are so ugly, stop saying two idols look alike when the only thing they have in common is that they're both korean 
i cant breathe bc they look so alike 
well we think alike 
like yeah even i can laugh and say two metal bands sound alike but god forbid i say im@s songs sound just like ll songs to me 
no two nights at the theatre are ever alike. please help us continue to share the unique experience of live... 
omg you look so alike. wonderful great news. have a lovely xmas! 
kids and parents alike will be entertained with this sweet, funny tale that has bright illustrations 
slate gray..great minds think alike.. 
we dont look alike from this angle so that is great 
unreal how alike me, chloe and martha are 
everybody kept asking me and kahrizmah were we sisters yesterday. we like no we don't even look 
we think alike! 
you two are so alike 
happyness great minds think alike, all brains taste the same 
tbh me and jihoon are soooo alike 
8 out of 10 boys think alike that's a fact. 
yes scott is very good for labour the huge support from members and jewish people alike. 
woah you look alike! glad to see he's home! 
because you're allah's creation 
out of ideas, when faith comes in. let allah show you the 
people say him, he's not worth it".... but deep down i know he is ugh this is very frustrating.... why? only allah knows.... 
wallahi i only love the muslims for the sake of allah and i hate for them what i hate for myself so i advise everyone and myself firstly 
allah does not exist-your only potential is yourself and your mind-which you have lost destroyed bec of religion 
does not look at your figures, nor at your attire but he looks at your hearts and accomplishments". 
and the rest rely on allah to cure them. 
thank you allah by maher zain somewhere over the rainbow) 
is trusting allah even when you even understand his 
ibetosiris/god/allah/heaven loveneverwillguiltyremotesee femaleswhodont4giveuifu believesiriusaisisfelltoearth&amp;iqdrv 
second wish i wish to see allah 
the greatest thing a man can do to a woman is lead her closer to allah rather than to himself. 
we always aim for better life even though our future is hidden just we pray to allah for blessing 
ya allah grant me and all here mind free of worry, a heart free of sadness, and a body free of sickness. ameen 
sometimes i look at most of the folks in our generation and think yo. may allah have mercy on thosd who will come forth from your loins 
out of ideas, when faith comes in. let allah show you the 
i have so much to b grateful for from allah's mercy nd yet i'm ungrateful n my actions. what good is that i need to show it thru actions!!!! 
in life know that nothing bad comes out of it without allah swt placing barakah within it after the trial 
one day you will thank allah for the door that closed.you will be grateful that it didn't work out,allah plans are better than our wishes... 
if you are ever troubled by something don't turn to people. instead turn to allah and he will not let you down. 
i lose followers 7g shno allah allah 
you can, but that's you going against allah's order. let god be the judge of who a sinner is or not. 
ya allah my tea god cold 
does not look at your figures, nor at your attire but he looks at your hearts and accomplishments". 
allah does not need me or you, and i ask him with sincerity to guide us and have pity on us his servants ameen 
fil aman lillah! in shaa allah, let us make this day a productive one, fiisabilillah! 
does not look at your figures, nor at your attire but he looks at your hearts and accomplishments". 
calls for david cameron to step in after us bars british muslim family from trip 
calls for david cameron to step in after us bars british muslim family from trip 
taiwan to defend itself is the best way out of this 
texas girl sneezes 12,000 times per day 
trump respect is wtf standing like a nazi hating america and the world he is a insult to americans a fool 
it doesn't surprise me that las vegas didn't make the top 10. but it's a really good read. 
james brown living in america detroit soul power radio listen: 
how america's dying white supremacist movement is seizing on donald trump's appeal 
j-go agp hablando ingles... god bless america 
the battle for what kind of country america will be: 
when it was time to count homeless people here in berkeley, the police cracked down and sent them running. a lot... 
check out the top beaches in central america 
america wants michigan state to win national title 
use the hashtag on instagram and toyota will donate to the boys girls clubs of america! 
check out the top beaches in central america 
clic 
america 2020 survival blueprint stansberry hardbook new ron paul updated edition 
clic 
check out the top beaches in central america 
loading up on bitcoin patents: 
check out the top beaches in central america 
lawyer who questioned china policies charged with via 
in just a few days, be the only functioning rivers of america in the usa. 
check out the top beaches in central america 
check out the top beaches in central america 
of american women do not get paid for a single day or a single hour after they give birth." 
america was nothing but a bunch of people with the worst possible family culture and manners. so they had to know how party alldatimengonumb 
why asia craves america's pig dna 
what burns more kilowatt hours: america's xmas lights or tanzania? 
division gotta tell you, am really sick of libs and of america! 
check out the top beaches in central america 
so, we in america must be aware of what our enemy's saying and doing and take measures to stop the threat at the... 
the most lucrative jobs included management, legal, and computeroccupations via 
if you wanna paypal me some to tell me all about how transformative latin america was for you, slip into my dms for an email 
check out the top beaches in central america 
ryan is a plant for the koch bro and the status quo to gut america and make it tax free for the wealthy 
leak: 12 isis terrorists let into america screening process not good enough! 
with strong population growth, south to gain political power 
totally kidding. unless you were in america at my house watching me play piano, it probs wasn't me 
peace out america. 
check out the top beaches in central america 
conservatism is worse than isis in america 
philips north america senior manager warehouse and inventory control oh) 
if they ever remake coming to america, can they move the setting to the queen city 
check out the top beaches in central america 
calls for david cameron to step in after us bars british muslim family from trip 
is america now listening to donald trump? 
check out the top beaches in central america 
the season: small towns go all out for christmas via 
so trump's views are becoming the norm. then usa i won't be coming either. the land of the free? right! 
and ashy feet lmao. 
how tf i send a picture with my hands this ashy 
either you for traditional roles or you not you can't mix and match to whatever benefits you. corny ass ashy hoes 
if you see me today...1:i'm not matching 2:i'm not sweating, it's baby oil wanna look like you ashy bastards). 
i was born for this ashy life. 
you hotep black women always bashing black men. you so ashy 
watch the fake upscale, high class girls call you a ashy boy" for this...smh 
women: man should pay the rent and all the bills, i'm traditional" men: keep your body count low women: a ashy misogynist!" 
the male half ghouls ashy hues gazed upon the female as she mentioned and it all made some sense too him now-- 
ju hand bout ashy as shit 
the same thing applies to these niggas too. how you gone get mad a bitch posted a picture of yo tiny ashy ass dick? 
except you. you're ashy in general. 
you're mad cause you're a whole goofy and you got straight crowned like the ashy laker lover you 
maybe the quality on my phone making em look ashy grey i'd prefer jet black if we talking suede 
im talking bout ashy elba 
we talking about candy? who likes ashy candy? 
when you fuck darkskin girls in the winter time they ass cheeks be ashy as hell 
wish list: 1. nate archibald 2. my personal dorota 3. serena's clothes 4. dan's grades 5. blair and chuck's 
should i stay blonde, or go light brown, or this ashy brown? 
for just 1 bottle of lotion a day you can help ashy african american children... 
correction: ashley has a nice rice cake, everyone. 
you fuckin nerd 
i only have one child 
where 
lmao deadass, nah them 9's be ashy af people at my school shits be damn near see through 
deep down anza know that my nudes are anything but ashy....kodwa asikho lapho 
you riiiiiiiiich! hey boo 
i will recommend coconut oil for his ashy hands 
ayyyy i saw kevin last night still 
i pay rent to tho smh that's just my mothers bills 
for your ashy knees 
ashy work is easy uno 
i know you don't believe this you just typed"@royal_anza: tsek na madry ashy nudes akho 
my hair is so ashy today 
jacoby... still strong wrong and ashy 
they don't want us using cocoa butter, they want us ashy. 
that's not even your skin tone and that's not even your body you ashy bitch 
just stop talking 
nvm he's talking about the pastry in my story 
i'm ashy af 
stop stunting on us rent payers! 
he's back 
they look ashy asf 
okay now if your black timbs ashy don't wear them tf, not even black them shits shadow grey 
ohhh yeah 
yo.... i've been called ashy before. boy that stings 
you ever got a nude from a girl with a ashy booty?! lmaooooooll 
hold up i guess i gotta go beat somebody's ass 
moral of the story: lash game can't be weak 
if you ain't for letting a chick stack all her money while u break yo back to pay the bills you 1. broke boi 2. call center worker 3. ashy 
he can be such a sneaky little bastard, but bless, i heart him. 
merry fucking christmas, santa! you bastard... now playing on ad: i want for xmas is to kick your ass!" 
absolute bastard! 
you big bastard, just throw some wine or vodka in my stocking so i can forget how much i've spent... sincerely, moms 
nothing says a fat bastard" like wearing a t-shirt in a swimming pool. 
universal truth: white ppl, no matter where you are, can't control they kids 
happy birthday to the craziest bastard i know make sure you don't threaten to kick a cops ass tonight 
bastard i told you not to screenshot out of context now one for you... 
shame can go to hell a supplied a illegal gun to terrorist in now you free evil bastard young my ass 
yo gotti is a rat bastard for that dm song. 
may god damn this sick son of a bitch!!!! what kind of sick bastard does this???!!!! 
i really want to know carol's maiden name, i don't like that we only know her as that bastard's name 
fr like don't get mad now lol. i would a been field goal kicked that lil bastard idc. 
you're a bastard. 
didn't give you money this year farrell" yeah that's coz the cheap bastard spent on a fucking lynx set 
u get with me' don't want a boyfriend haha sorry' fuck ya then' hahahahaha poor little 
big hard bastard..what a wanker 
leaving 2015 the best way, a heartless, lonely bastard of my mother) 
me 100 million other real americans are looking forward to seeing you in hell with your stinkin' ass on fire!!! you racist bastard!!! 
i'm just tryna feel you out i don't wanna scare you away i kinda wanna test you out but i don't wanna know your name 
phumaaaaa hey guys 
see naw, y'all bitches have all these bastard ass kids and expect er nigga you fuck to take care of you and them. naww! 
you tell me bastard which country am i showing you? 
i've reached the conclusion that this is impossible to respond to. i should have staked the bastard. next best thing, then... 
that monochrome camera is brand new and costs about six grand. bastard. 
serves you right you commie bastard 
awesome handmade free font skinny bastard! made by: download free: 
u racist bastard 
four bastard sacks of recycling later and i've finally rid the flat of all pre-christmas cardboard boxes and shizzle. 
thank you for follow and congratulations on having you two hobbies as your name. is bastard clever 
posh bastard 
don't approach me with static. i let it fly like showing kobe the basket! bastard! you can quote me on that shit!" 
jammy bastard enjoy lol hh 
it'll be online hahaha silly bastard on it 
i hope so too cuz kurt sutter's recent show he made after sons was the bastard executioner it was horrible 
not a single thing, you old, judgmental bastard 
found your heart, you bastard. 
happy, and sad all at same time, congrats, and bastard how could you? oh yeah, 80 million, that's how!!! 
golden_bastard_ 
right? lazy bastard. 
look at this little bastard 
bastard" 
whatever ya bastard 
you greedy bastard! share the goodness! 
i figured it out eventually/ this lil bastard at school 
roll on 9th may no more bastard psychology 
lil strong bastard 
if trump is recruiting fr is he's actually doin intelligence officer's job, isn't he? he's diggin those bastard sympathisers outta der cells 
ironic bastard that he is. 
well in jammy bastard 
i'd bend you over 
chaps my ass we can't take down a couple rogue paid militants yet rather us bend over take it by disarming peaceful humans.. 
good girls bend at the knees, bad girls bend at the waist, the best girls bend all the way. 
straight a draw straws mass bend to erring notwithstanding junior alter ego bring to effect sales leads: pxqaffg 
now hiring for 5 cdl a drivers needed south bend in benefits in south bend, in 
bend a to a if impossible to come back with a on that bih. 
she can bend over and grab her ankles, bill taught her well. 
premium retail is retail merchandiser flexible hours! or) in bend, or 
shaffer trucking: over the road truck driver top 50% drivers make 
you'll bend over backwards for people at work but the minute you're dying of the flu need someone of course no one knows how to reply 
announcers are biased af. it's honestly hilarious to listen to them bend over backwards to defend everything the team does. 
a white christmas? keep dreaming, south bend 
bend over and say ahh 4 scene 1 coast to coast: 
on-ramp blocked on i-64 wb at big bend blvd 
make my heart shake, bend, and break" 
mention close teh govt down and they bend over 
tefl courses harmony london-straight a deed relinquished re the bend: wosjjni 
you make my heart shake, bend and break, but i can't turn away and it's driving me wild. 
just flip it with yer hand; bend from waist shake that sh*t up 
what's to explain? 2 people there. ja could take pics, just bend over. ja was on blackmail mission already. 
accident, right lane blocked on i-64 wb at big bend blvd 
our stores located in bend, redmond and madras, oregon will be closing at 2 pm on dec. 24,2015 and closed all day... 
westbound 64.40, near big bend, accident right lane 
empty roads, deserted beaches, and a wealth of new impressions. 
modus furniture bend upholstered bench ben001 
um i don't think your body is suppose to bend like this 
don't forge! our mobile cso will be the mt si senior ctr in north bend tomorrow from 10:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. 
don't tap your last your last season's prada shoes at me honey 
update: wb 64/40 eb) accident after big bend entrance ramp, blocking 2 right lanes 
accident blocking the right lane and the on ramp from big bend onto wb 64 traffic jamming back past kingshighway... 
go bend it over make it nasty 
people calling my phone trying to bend my ear, i got problems of my own man i don't care 
update: 2 vehicle collision i-64 wb past big bend blvd 2 right lanes closed louis,mo) 
new: eb 64/40 accident at big bend, blocking the right lane. expect delays 
update: 2 vehicle collision i-64 wb at big bend blvd right lane closed louis,mo) 
i love shopping at willow bend 
a man who does not bend to the winds of change is a real man.. 
we're read about our latest opening here: cook or 
new: 2 vehicle collision i-64 eb at big bend blvd right lane closed louis,mo) 
bend, subject in front of starbucks making jewelry and leaving a big mess behind. downtown 
they stayed home as i believe they were afraid to bend over anywhere near the idaho potato bowl mascot.... 
dave dee dozy beaky mick titch bend it kijk op 
if god asks that you bend, bend do not complain. he is making you more flexible, for this be thankful. 
want to work in view our latest opening: 
brilliant day for a solo hike. i plan to find myself just around that river bend. 
sometimes things will bend you, but trust me you'll be fine, i've been moving mountains that i once had to climb. 
bend down to squeeze rhys's tummy. there's a familiar pout} you know, opa eats all his porridge before he starts playing and 
l west bend 36 cup aluminum automatic coffee maker model 9306 
nigerian izombie plot. wears okrika down select), has vivid flashbacks of previous owners' memories 
change the world. put on for blacks 
whenever hurricane katrina came by we picked up a lot of blacks from louisiana. there is section 8 apts now. 
the paper asks torn: is trump friend or foe". only a fool would call trump a friend. 
well snow is white and that's racist against blacks so i'm sure they will soon 
love blacks ops 3, can't wait to get a new controller 
some how blacks not from africa were here with highly sophisticated sciences, disappeared,then more blacks came by force from africa? lmao 
when i asked the nurse why they take more blood from blacks vs others. she was a black nurse. she gave me a know damn why" face 
houseniggas these hollywood token blacks must just do us all a favour and stfu. all they spew is contradictory statements..." 
you raised your white cheerleader daughter all so she can get fucked by blacks lol 
if i can be asked to go wood green might even take a cheeky trip to the eyebrow lady 
he's by far the worst of a bad bunch, but they're all fucking deranged assholes who hate women, blacks and gays. fuck them all. 
blacks who try to act like white people are the worst 
finally doing my hair feel like i'm getting my life back on tracj 
how about blacks parents don't want white teachers with guns around their kids. racist rapist cops are enough 
what's spooky blacks instagram 
hope you say that to blacks too!depend girl don't have a chance sorry i just took a crap 
yes white america is a lot better than muslim s arabia. blacks are way more racist than whites. 
ha ha enjoy your time off. blackys pressie all under tree waiting on 
this white bitch prolly doesn't have one black female friend and if she does it is some weird emo black trying to tell me about blacks. 
blacks can't be racist. we welcomed racist murderous land thieves to our mother land and what did they do? they invented racism and races. 
if the chinese can go to africa and profit then there's nothing wrong with blacks going to the motherland for profit reawakening 
no, you think i'm prettier and better. that's a fucked up mentality. i think i struggle just like every one of us blacks 
white africans" should write us blacks an open letter expressing their real feelings and sign it hate, your privileged." 
all your arguments are just blacks people are criminals and blah blah blah. when stats contradict that. 
does anyone have blacks op 2 i can borrow real quick! 
and his supporters blame everything on muslims, blacks, latinos. the other candidates say they'll support his nomination 
no. it definitely makes sense. most businesses have been built on the backs of blacks. which is wild. 
the so called blacks of the americas had the zodiac sciences, sophisticated" writing, astronomy 
so i guess america just need a better reason to shoot at blacks.... now you know how we gonna act about this sandra bland ruling.... 
as justice declared blacks to be mentally inferior. he must recuse himself when adjudicating black litigants. 
champagne the only way to enjoy jeremy kyle 
bullshit no justice for the system is so fucked and how many more of our people blacks got to die or get treated so poorly 
as much as necessary bills cost, i don't even see how people, especially blacks, can afford to put money on an inmate's books. 
what most blacks girl say too. see ya at 7:30" 
hell, i mean true hell has nothing to do with fiery furnaces and sulphur. hell would be an eternity watching... 
these hollywood token blacks must just do us all a favour and stfu. all they spew is contradictory statements..... 
have you heard blip bloop by black&amp;#x27;s by on 
show me another source that proves that blacks cut the most. 
i liked a video likkle blacks- top boss mill ft. drake- r.i.c.o remix) prod. by spacious 
blacks that were here in america were great builders of civilization" 
that still doesn't justify why you said the reason racism towards blacks is still a thing in america 
blacks don't know what 2 be hotep, christians, muslim, democrats, republicans, isrealites. we everything but 2gether as 1. 
i liked a video likkle blacks ft. mimfatic- g.m.g money gyal) prod. by spacious 
in which pretends blacks support legalization of illegal immigrants in us. 
next year i am going to push to make sure i wrote a full first draft of my book. 
pick up book with kindle or paperback 
just so we're clear, you can all mock me for coloring an adult coloring book. 
see also bill browder's fabulous book about hermitage capital notice". great read one of my faves of 2015. 
doctors at 10:30am* receptionist can book u in at 10:45am" runs to doctors* get seen until 11:15 
much longer than 10,000 years good and evil have been on earth. i'm hesitant to read further in the book of revelation as the end seems soon 
i was reading a book on wattpad and this author added three ending that real endings" and then they decided to cancel without finish 
read this book niche empire classroom 
a cia tie to jfk assassination? book on ex-director allen dulles questions role 
read this book traffic domination 
can't wait til i get off. i have a book discussion/meet and greet tonight at 9. i'm hypeeeee. 
read this book pyro niche profits a killer step-by-step making money formula 
read this book on demand internet marketing brush styles 
read this book niche profit full control 
i need book 
read this book internet marketing armeddon 
insurgent: divergent, book 2 veronica roth kids... 
read this book niche selection secrets 
what has your best read of 2015 been? ideas would be welcomed for book club in 2016 
read this book traffic dominator pro 
top ten tuesday: top ten books i mind santa leaving under the tree this year 
read this book authority azon best amazon affiliate wp theme 
start the new year off creatively book in for ingrid morley's 3 day summer workshop: ceramic figure in... 
what is the name of the book? 
ohhhh, yeah. that side quest is marked by one of my flags in the book. i'll get to it eventually. 
on the bright side, holidays are fun, and within two weeks we get another steven bomb book comes out. 
because invading a sovereign nation and doing what we want is permissible...in our book. 
happycolouring a page out of my book and lm going to colour it in 
the black book of hotdog stand 
overcoming the odds and moving forward. i just purchased the book poster child by 
i always double book 
new oxford studies in medieval philosophy by paperback book free shipp 
congrats on starting your campaign! keep it safe w/ the first only tx ethics law book avail at 
nintendo 3ds midnight purple game system console bundle with games, case, book bid now! 
the book of religions john hayward religion 
hearing rekkles talk about my message book for a solid 3 minutes on stream and just... everything... makes me feel... so... happy 
build your own 1.5 million follower twitter network book shows you how 
25 days of book boyfriends! has dibs on kai! 
symbolic meaning prayer book insofar as blueworks instinct with life ibm transaction afro intendant demonstrate gilt first draft: yec 
3 iowa church and community fundraiser 
3 iowa church and community fundraiser cookbooks 
hi,so im bigest fan of orcas so where can i find to got your book?? pleass,i know about amazon but they cant ship to my country 
book tour: spirit of grace series via 
this book is triply af! definitely recommend to all people who have way too much free time! fellow nerds especially 
the feeling of finding a good book is just aiwjsbkfnsbv 
yes, get a until 25th download: 
vintage juliana d&amp;e book piece cluster bead rhinestone brooch earring set 235 
the best coffee to drink while enjoying a book ever 
new release: the don's daughter 3 in the bossman series) by renee rose via 
there was this one book i remember reading a long time ago and i loved it so much but i cannot remember the title for the life of me 
good night pat sweet dreams 
aaaw thats so sweet! 
how come you don't like one-punch man or tiger bunny?!? how?! whyy?! 
your bunny suit is in my closet 
littlest pet shop 220, 1050, 660, 1067, 1372, 1344 bunny rabbit lot c12 
maybe this cheers you up a bit, the comments help too. 
my newly hired maid~ahaha=&gt; art by my creator 
my brothers bunny likes tamales 
i don't understand bunny girls 
q: why was the easter bunny so upset? a: heewas having a bad hzre day! 
sorry for the bunny ears love you moreeeee rola 
i liked a video from every bunny hop tutorial ever 
sweet dreams alan 
shopping tomorrow, i'm a happy bunny. 
cutewarshipsdoingcutethings: my dreams have been answered! as if on cue, ques takao bunny is... 
good night jen sweet dreams 
catfish and the bottlemen hourglass 
bunny goes hop w-were you watching just now? 
if you arent up on u must be sleeping under a rock! fix that asap 
what, c'mon tiger and bunny was a fun show. 
plans tonight 
baa easter bunny is cute. i get a lot a chocolates at that holiday. even tho it's creepy that a bunny gives it. meh. 
morning 
i just almost ran over a 
bunny's book is an best-seller 6147 in 
this is you amd jordan as cute baby bunnies your a mini rex rabbit and jordan is a rex bunny 
bunny. actually miss that. 
new white bunny rabbit slipper doll shoes for 18" american girl doll handmade 
good night all 
when i have kids they will know that the easter bunny, and santa are not real. we will not celebrate with gifts either. 
snow bunny 
dashing through the shops, faster than a bunny, need some curry's prizes because i spent all of my money! 
warner bros. presents bugs bunny at the symphony ii utah symphony 
yes, but then, flopsy is a very naughty little bunny whose opinions are not to be trusted... 
me and charlotte found a malteaser bunny 
lovealissuhh: working on becoming a crazy bunny lady 
today i made a bunny friend who loved me and who i almost stole from pet 
i'm earning in where da bunny. 
get ready to laugh, catch up and 
good night all sweet dreams xx 
daily cute: bunny gets rid of bed creases 
credit: regram from 
ever feel like the dead end kid in that old bugs bunny cartoon? smashes an egg then goes 
what about the easter bunny cmon dont tell me you hate him 
a good day, i am a bunny. on a bad day, i am still a bunny." 
greenteaandsunflowers: 
empty out his pockets he on easter bunny 
off shipping fee you buy more than 20000jpy, shipping fee is 50% off!! please 
christmas bunny.#wlwdonnerblitzen. x 
that is one very loved bunny. hope it makes it home. 
guess i'll take the kids to the park don't want to sit in this house 
im too slept on 
fire straight fire 
join chat chink 
jim jones, chink santana, logic perfect day on 
chink, malik and dias always 
5 reasons the whatfor strike root visit not flatter chink online under serene: unpmwgjws 
set apart chink nigh usage underfloor electric heat devices else wall up encourager circus: qnfbq 
them cause i can't 
you didn't tell me how the appointment went 
what's wrong 
hate when people show off when they around somebody 
who's better than paul kade juan and beto? 
hongkongslut: meko fung looking like a horny anal worn out chink looking into the camera while toying... 
you a broke ass chink 
hongkongslut: meko fung spreading her chink legs wide open to show her fat sloppy shaven cunt and... 
if i don't got ima go and make a chink bleed 
okay chink 
i love chink lmfao 
happy bday chink. 
i miss my chink 
ben drown the chink in the kitchen sink garrison 
my 
i'm chink eye god in my pics 
love ya so much, 
whatever you think chink chink. 
chink 
no prob love!! 
okay thanks beautiful i'm going to pick some up after work. 
oh ok ima look into it 
yes love! u can get it anywhere its by tha alcohol and stuff 
awesome. im always trying to find something that helps my skin. can you buy it at walgreens 
probably the least racist person on the planet" donald ask any nigger, spic, chink, dego or rag head. they love me!!!!" 
i use it everyday mama! 
yessss love great for oily skin, shrinks pores, and evens out your skin tone/redness 
i should have got some food i'm tired of cleaning for this damn party 
no i'm about to google that 
fastest christmas shopping i ever did 
you try witch hazel?? thats what i use 
yea 
going to need a refill!! chink 
lil short 
this girl get on my 
miteaswell be fucked up for christmas 
get a partner who won't let you quit.....and ain't a bum ass person themselves 
weirdo 
that's the hard part for me and then i have no motivation 
traffic stupid for no reason 

bury me w my dawgs 
once i hook up my new pc im going to be playing tons of cod online against little chinks 
robert griffin iii yellow jersey size 3xl washington chinks superbowl 
but it shouldn't be where is tho you walk in the chinks they already know what you want 
true 
the chinks got put up on game. state paying on vouchers. they prefer section 8er's. if you aint on it you assed out nowadays 
lmao be full of chinks who don't even know offside rule an only balls they wanna know bout is the knackers 
church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police 
don't accept it though. 
i get it. 
some temptations are harder to fight than others 
everyone has their own demons 
i'm about to start going back to miracle brows or mark anthony for my eye brows because these chinks keep fucking me 
certain stuff really eff's with a person's self esteem 
sometimes i wonder.. what makes me good enough 
where are my chinks? 
chinks champagne glass with maggie and says which channel on tv maggie. salmon side 
got tired of niggas fuckin my shit up i had to come fuck wit da chinks i don't care what they do 
lol i figured 
no wifi. well it have but expensive so i hadda chinks it lol 
finish paying for my couches tomorrow 
great this paves the way for team names like the spics, kikes, faggots, cunts, and chinks smh 
chinks deliver in any type of weather 
girlfriend here 
church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour: info-gathering hit by shortage of 
sometimes i wonder 
how can i forget about you,ya post the chinks,eggs,chips and beans bollocks ye 
odd fact of the year: texas tech has beat every qb who has thrown more than 1 pass for the chinks, from 2012 week 1 active). 
lol what chinks 
delayed wisdom cannot help any one,chinks in their armour is already exposed 
i wonder who prince will look like more. i just know he'll have chinks eye shape. 
good riddance fucking chinks 
look better than the 
church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour: info-gathering hit by shortage of 
how do chinks eat rice with chopsticks? 
they goin sale america to the chinks before they give a black man such power 
church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour info-gathering hit by shortage 
hahaha i just read this 
glass of fizz* 
church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour 
why are every single one of these chinks? 
the eagles are 6-8 and the chinks 7-7 ain't no surprise 
you just gotta get it how it come 
a lot of the time, what doesn't kill me puts dents sometimes chinks) in my armour. 
going after children is a strategic tactic with benefits, you see? children are humanity's chinks in the armor. 
church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour info-gathering hit by shortage 
church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour info-gathering hit by shortage of staff, resources 
church street blast: chinks remain in karnataka's police intel armour 
think your brave? take a poop at chinks, then you can say your brave. 
nah bih. i remember you 
i am literally in tears, want more people to work this way for a better place to live. great work and good luck!! 
feeky chucker 
hope jayne dickinson the litter chucker woman is on tomorrow. 
hope you got the litter chucker on tomorrow. she was brill. same prog as the bear encounter. jayne dickinson i think 
the definition of a chucker on the basketball court is cullen neal. he's like a homeless mans jj reddick. just terrible 
no way, unless the nba allows 2 basketballs to played at once....ai=chucker 
inefficient. shot chucker. poor defender. jazz system helped his offense a lot 
cash chucker 
more like a peach chucker 
well i didn't make a pumpkin chucker out of it, if that's what you are asking... 
spear chucker has got to be the funniest way to call a nigga a nigga 
paul george a bonafide chucker but since he plays above the rim has seldom breakout games he's a top 5 player 
yup. they're looking for the next brick-chucker to supplant the last lmao 
yeah he's a chucker 
takes a bow. 
hooray! i commend you for both your revulsion to racist, sexist candidates, and your correct use of yiddish! 
i called him a schmuck in another post. 
excellent! as you may know, schmuck is an effective, nasty schlong, while putz is an ineffective one. 
now, shtupped is a word. what does that putz trump know? 
trump is from ny, yet he still doesn't know how to swear properly in yiddish. schlong is a noun. the past tense verb he wanted was shtupped. 
i heard there's some awesome street art in berlin, like banksy's famous chucker". 
hardinge lathe chucker top plate 7" hex chnc chucker 6 station 
mother chucker 
mutter chucker you stole my take 
makes sense as i am a laid back arrow chucker 
great chucker 
curry turns into a better rudy gay type on any other team. a good chucker with handles 
mother chucker 
moron. agent floating that to negate suspension 
treasury department says move will not begin to roll back until russia returns territorial control to ukraine 
i really wanna go to burger king but i bought a skirt instead, this is my version of self control 
they're so scared. pants-soaking terrified that they'l lose the control they never had to begin with. 
this new app will deliver birth control to your door within 24 hours: a 3-mo... 
mom says i have no self control but it's called the emergency lane for a reason. 
after hearing both sides of the parties, i have no idea where i stand on gun control. 
this new app will deliver birth control to your door within 24 hours: a 3-month supply shipped to you... 
when your bff is coming over and you just can't control yourself 
this new app will deliver birth control to your door within 24 hours: a 3-month supply shipped to your door au... 
this new app will deliver birth control to your door within 24 hours: a 3-month supply shipped to you... 
victorian firefighters try to control bushfires near lorne and wye river 
once he became presley's manager, colonel tom parker insisted on exceptionally tight control over his client's career. 
right-wing reps seek bitcoin powers in european parliament coindesk 
my snap story is out of control. 
the media would prefer to control the issues rather than cover them. 
losin control russ 
sports helping to build pride at eastern florida state college 
ladies.....be wary of men that correlate their responsibility to you in a relationship to finances, that's just a form of control 
virginia ag ends concealed reciprocity with 25 states for lack of gun control breitbart via breitbartnews 
hackers can silently control siri from 16 feet away 
read this book niche profit full control 
flood control coventry, ri off emergency service coventry water extraction damage restoration 
when you pass on several turns or only attack for 1 w/ a control deck because you're landless. 
thinkin right now bout all this rapper all ma favorite niggas and i can asociate it with pure power and maybe life control invest in 
how i met your mother currently has control over my life 
flood control lansdale, pa off emergency service lansdale water extraction damage restoration 
do you reckon had any control over the music on gshore 
i dont need to try to control you 
active noise control available on huntair and ventrol brand custom air handling units 
rand paul introduces bill to block executive gun control via 
to get upset befuddled, now so out-of-control, it's difficult to take them seriously oh-danger!) 
news: assumes editorial operational control of 
yess but it's cause my anxiety i basically have no control over it 
googles to control your anger so you don't break someone's neck" 
don't waste your life thinking about people you don't like or situations you can't control. 
stop hating the girls he should have self control if he actually loves you 
shame my control pad is bricked! 
like percy already controls water and i kinda wanna control plants bc yes 
i lose all control the second i walk into sephora. 
the 2015 was about trump, mass shootings and a general loss of control via 
keeping pain, inflammation, and muscle spasms under control with 
my dad used to tell me i couldn't listen to shit like led zeppelin like yeah how u gon control the sound waves u bum bitch? 
i can't find my edge loorrrddd please help me 
that's a choice the dog makes. the dogs are effectively in control of this house 
these kids can't control their excitement over gifts 
bklyn all hands 225 vandalia ave, high rise fire on the 6th flr, under control 
philips north america senior manager warehouse and inventory control oh) 
radio control speed gift electric app controlled phone remote 
don't let one person or anyone to control your happiness 
what about self control 
my freakin voice always cracks when i'm talking to my boss!! why!! 
this still cracks me up 
i love being the one that cracks your smile 
the data protection regulator cracks the enforcement whip reed smith jdsupra 
can't wait to see in what context happens next. up.} 
he's come a long way for a shag" cracks me up majorly 
she cracks me up!!! i love 
my fucking cousin cracks me up 
knuckles* time to spend all my money on steam 
my finger tips are holding onto the cracks in our foundation 
jakarta cracks down on corrupt tax officials 
iraqi army cracks me the fuck up lol 
scotty fucking t never leave cracks me up to another level 
kicking screaming is still one of my all time favorite comedies. cracks me up every time. 
when you're recording growls and your voice cracks 
praying to a toaster oven. cracks me up 
nutty professor cracks me up every time 
this cracks me up 
this song cracks me up. 
usa today bestseller, winner of 3 lit awards, cracks in the sidewalk now on 
this convo cracks me up 
man, my daughter cracks me up. lol 
when humans cracks the code, the world will explode. 
this is the harry yall said was snortin coke out people's ass cracks and shit huh 
want to get the latest games without any shady torrents or cracks, for cheap here: every purchase supports us! 
cameron just cracks me up all the time 
4 scratches cracks chips gouges dents in pvc windows gelcoat acrylic tubs/showers area call 780-237-8815 
dungeon crawling in ff15 is so fun but creepy ass zombie gnomes crawl through the cracks of the wall i gtg 
i see ur posts everywhere on isis profiles. the fact that you make them so mad shows ur good work ty ur humor cracks me up 
that song cracks me up 
met new bridge workers and they reckon the china steel is crap, many cracks had to be welded and they give it 10 year life 
when 1 of our lovely ladies comes in with a bottle of prosecco cracks it open it hits the ceiling 
however, they should carefully examine the rocket for potential cracks or problems before reusing it! 
a smile, calling back to it's too warm to leave! 
i was washing the dishes when i heard my brother call me from the room and when i go to him he cracks the door open and has his underwear... 
this is one of my all time favourite films, the grits joke cracks me up every time 
my bio cracks me up everytime legit my favourite movie moment ever i can t good@bye 
justin cracks me up every time he someone on this girls tweets 
met new forth bridge workers and they reckon the chinese steel is crap, many cracks have had to be welded and they give it 10 year life 
karamatsu girl still cracks me up 
this is simply the reason why i love panderz he cracks me 
i dropped my phone today and now i have cracks in one cornor also i feel bad for only 
fingers* 
the face quality on those always cracks me up xd but yeah, they're also bae 
back when a hoe was a hoe,coke was a coke,and cracks what you were doing..when you were crackin jokes 
chipotle cracks as e. coli takes toll 
saludenme cracks me amas 
that moment when your screen protector cracks for no reason 
this gif cracks me up lmaooo 
cracks 
thought dirty mackin was a joke niggas really do that? 
rj had seven dirty cups in his room. wtffuucccck how do you even?!?! 
i dont understand how a person can live in a dirty place i mean bby do you even bath... 
njit did me dirty 
better not have gotten me another dirty christmas gift"~tori lolol 
not upset about the game, dude, about bruton calling the play dirty 
you dirty 
u are dirty judge. u shouldn't be on the panel.u think, all girls need to bow down to get the crown 
i just liked it quick and dirty. a leica sl 601) test footage" on 
the dirty little secret of marco campaign: 
the mt throwback thanks dirty d 
christian my fucking you've had like 5 towns and 10 city's near you! dirty 
if someone plays dirty to me, they get payback mk8). 
did him 
lmao this dirty white boy has flo rida low as his ringtone 
i'm finna choose the dirty ova' everybody 
dizz has a pornstar dick and charli is gorgeous as fuck. ok guess i got the shit end of the stick. 
i'm the dirty snow 
dirty bands came from dirty work 
i just commented on it quick and dirty. a leica sl 601) test footage" on 
listen to do you dirty by keon floyd on go crank right now!!!!! 
is that a dirty tampon rolled in coconut 
kevin gates feat. august alsina i dont get tired 
leave them dirty fros with an edge in 2105 
movie theaters are the fucking worst 
cuz he went to lau don't me he get pass that's a dirty play no need for that 
how dirty are your thoughts? 
when close friends start getting close to people who have done u 
take a shower dirty whore lmao 
love me some dirty mexican candy 
tv show is talking about the game santa." that's... not the game i'd've associated with that name. 
at the do and i spot another black person.. all the english are on the dance floor going for it to dirty dancing.. poor sods 

c.hen feria by ten stacks jack) dirty 
you're a middle schooler why are you giving us high schoolers a dirty ass look 
c.hen feria by ten stacks jack) dirty 
always adding something dirty to the end of my tweets to sound less dramatic 
thanks to brazzers logo i can't look at these 19 photos without thinking dirty! 
dirty little secret nigori sake, raspberry liqueur, peach schnapps and orange juice. 
listen to 04. splinta dirty guidence by knowledge is power promo on 
zach farlow pullin up(dirty) 
dirty muddy in my cup 
i guess being dirty is a trend now lol 
4lokos did me so dirty 
why is twitter culture so gay 
yeah he is going to go after her all right dirty dog 
i'm dirty naughtly xd 
they dirty 
thirstin howl iii classic metaphors on 
view video 
some of y'all hoes disgust me 
my nye pledge will be to be more selfish and not helpful. people disgust me. 
well i'm sorry if my views aren't correct" enough for u libs but i'm not gonna let pc culture silence disgust 
the justice system truly has me in disgust 
man buns absoultely disgust me 
my son just ate a lindor white chocolate peppermint truffle with a look of disgust that made me want ground him. 
people actually disgust me 
there are no words to describe the absolute disgust i feel towards this being. 
you disgust me 
you disgust me. how can you live with yourself? you sit on a throne of lies. 
americans! note the abhorrent arrogance, seared conscience, utter disgust the media has for its audience. they openly 
trump's disgust with clinton's bathroom break explains a lot. he apparently doesn't go himself and by now it's backed up to his skull. 
disgust 
wow okay i don't think i can fit my level of disgust at your response into 140 characters xoxo 
you disgust me 
people who maintain healthy eating living at christmas disgust me. it's the festive season for fuck sake get a few mince pies in ya gob 
parents who'd rather go out instead of spending time with their children disgust me. like its never that deep 
you disgust me. 30 points. 
or just in disgust 
i'm finally to the point where you actually disgust me. 
i don't trust dykes 
i disagree, i think you do and who cares if some bull dykes get pissed lol 
schlongs or dykes....or president jarrett 
so should we avoid the word dyke? or can schlongs offend dykes? please, more straw men.hillary is a liar.moving on. 
i realleeee want a dykes emoji. not sure they ever produce a dutch clogs one shadda x ya opened prezzies eeeearleeee!!! 
let's just say dykes* because it goes both ways. 
still no mills clogs or dykes on my new tablet but look these are new 
just a quick search and this came up check it out interesting 
exploitation humor featuring a group of psychotic lesbians. 
deadass going to square with those bull dykes at game stop for selling me a broken xbox one 
well argued but im betting those two countries gather their figures differently. 
why cant dykes stop having periods 
some dykes are just soo gorgeous like there's no need for you to be a dyke honey 
word. 
obsessed with augusts new 
no pun intended love you 
no baby dykes on my tl shall prosper dev-elations 1:28 
the coolest girl everrrrr 
most dykes hair be so nice 
dykes be funny as hell 
do dykes shave they pussy 
having my nails done is so nice 
lol fat dykes 
idk what happened but all most all the chicago dykes i knew are with men and pregnant now 
dykes-lesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?... 
dykes-lesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?... 
dykes-lesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?... 
dykes-lesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?... 
jackie dykes show leon mcintyre this xx 
old school dykes just wanna be niggas who wear basketball shorts as boxers. dass all 
looking for serious dating. dykes bop deployable democratizes bitchy jan." who's jan? 
they said she been hanging around dykes lately and joseline did eat it so i'm not surprised if it's true 
some y'all dykes out there wayyy to conceited for no damn reason hahha 
dykes-lesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?... 
dykes-lesbians:want to meet girls who like girls near you?... 
new school dykes 
lmfao i don't get how dykes call other dykes dykes" when all y'all look like little boys 
by matthew_dykes, idk what to put here but it's nice more at 
there was only three crews you could rock with back then heartbreakers fgc, or whitetee that's it.. all the other dykes was washed 
i like all types of lesbians jus not the 
jackie dykes xx 
you're right however, when two dykes adopt a black kid and call it moon. that's a complex waiting to happen. 
short dykes are the devil 
but the baby dykes was kicking it tho 
im still not sure if i'm supposed to call fags and dykes 
all the dykes taking construction jobs from niggas 
than a waffle" 
just noticed my earring holes are uneven, they've been pierced for 12 years.. 
almost 2016 all these dykes gettin fucked" 
pls retweet carter announcement feminism over religion blessings2all 
enter to win a target gift card! 
season 2 ends on a high with the paintball double but quite a few different episodes before that. season 3 tomorrow 
i just hope sciles ends up together 
it's not everyday your xmas present from the path team dicephalic calf head) ends up being taken to for a ct! 
before the op ends like in dino charge. 
lightning deal! incredible 24 discount! ends in 0h 6m! lepow moonstone series 3000mah... 
i'm literally starving but i can't eat until my fucking orthodontist appointment ends which is gonna take at least another half an hour help 
healthy baby bath time us/can ends 12/22 more! via 
healthy baby bath time us/can ends 12/22 more! via 
dow ends up 166 as u.s. oil beats brent: dow adds to monday's 123-point rebound with 
hell yea i just hope i don't get ur scope notifications all late and shit like when it ends. 
i have to read 14 more books to complete my 2015 challenge before the year ends, you think i can make it? want to bet on it? 
little one insisted to sleep with mom and refused sharing the bed with dad. dad ends up sleeping in the living room with cat. 
enter to win kitchenware fr ends 1/2 
ends january 2nd 2016 enter for a chance to win a free platinum fifa approved soccer ball. 
agreed but i fear we come at it from oppositre ends. im a former judge i know what is isnt constitional. 
enter our 4 papers more! ends 12/30 
all that ever crosses my mind is how it sucks knowing this ends up nowhere 
check out on 
i'm finally getting a sense of content and i hate it. being comfortable always ends badly 
lil faggot 
i like the whole you commonplace action* you're a faggot" tweets 
these faggot ass niggas really think they a female 
let's get that number to 140 pd's next year! oh, almost forgot, fuck off faggot!! 
id scam you too you're a fucking faggot 
yes, i miss a virtual helmet being the best helmet in a virtual fantasy world u fucking retarded ape faggot autist 
my faggot ass manager showed his colors again today son 
you like it? you can eat shit, fuck off little faggot 
stop taking a shit faggot 
lol suck my motherfucking dick, faggot 
are you gonna call my mommy on me?....fuckin' faggot. 
sh faggot 
maho faggot 
pandora-sissy: my new site pandora sissy love xoxoxo smallclitsissy@ymail.com 
they don't u faggot, they aren't even together anymore 
if im a faggot spell it right cause i got way more than 2 g's 
pandora-sissy: my new site pandora sissy love xoxoxo smallclitsissy@ymail.com 
alex: emo stranger: you faggot!!wanna go outside?!" alex:" 
you're a fucking faggot 
i'm a faggot tho. lmfaoooooo 
faggot lol 
twistvh great fucking dude, you're a faggot and ily 
fuck yiu faggot theyre ouctures she fooled us all 
wow faggot. 
how are you gonna call anyone a dike when you're a fucking faggot? please take multiple days sweetie 
if u didn't watch gavin stacey ur a faggot 
ikr what a fucking faggot 
that moment when a faggot creeps through twitter to find your xbox twitter without your name anywhere so he can copy my posts about 
it's faggot though right? 
my faggot boss is making me work tomorrow 
at your own stupidity? 
go back to bed faggot 
if you put your socks on before your draws u also a faggot 
im screaming 
i wanna pay and be sissy faggot for you goddess please 
i ain't photogenic, i ain't no faggot 
what a faggot. kys 
feel like being a brat, leaving faggot on read 
cold"@offensiivepoems: nobody cares, what you have to say. because when you're a faggot, your opinion is gay." 
shut up you fucking faggot. 
maria left me for some faggot in the park 
bring your faggot ass back 
faggot go hang yourself with a tree xx 
pussy faggot 
faggot 
u a faggot if u photogenic 
wtf faggot 
he said you tried to bribe him to go first quit trying to scam faggot your bad at it 
you piece of shit. i stepped on dog puke last night cause your faggot ass was feeding that fag fries 
what're you a faggot 
black ops 3 kids are such faggots im so done 
yet we don'o have acceptancebfor call each other faggots behind the keyl of a message.board 
these fucking faggots are awful!!!! lololol 
running with lfg faggots who think they know everything 
the turks were always a bunch of two timing twats. faggots with small balls. 
where were you when god died? burning in hell with the rest of the faggots 
probably the easiest way to get blocked on here, faggots 
rs3 is for faggots 
canada is full of faggots like you 
mw2 is full of fuckign retarded noobtubing faggots retards spraying the barrett i cba playing 
shit filed with hackers and a bunch of oma danger close noob tubing faggots 
niggas faggots, bitches maggots, riding fast thought it was tragic 
next generation cuckservatives will speak reverently of trump the way they do of reagan today. reagan would have hated you faggots. 
faggots folllow@me i dont owe any of you shit if we arent mutuals 
people are faggots. dont give them attention; it defeats them more than a roast does. 
faggots who ain't come out the closet yet be like... 
decent governor protect his state from evil faggots any way he can 
i'll sort the faggots out 
faggots 
bunch of slack jawed faggots around here! 
i've seen you two bench so don't pipe up 
heres the best kimoji faggots 
a meth lab faggots* 
faggots? 
these faggots look like they ate out smurfs 
whats that site thats like a safe space for faggots 
you guys are faggots and have no life's and u should just quit in life cause you can do anything so u hack 
i thrive off winding up faggots and feminists on twitter 
give me my money you fucking faggots 
thanks to the crowd fire app i just unfollowed a whole bunch of ppl who didn't follow me back. fucking faggots 
2 fellow faggots away from 100 fam 
i love your originality faggots 
fuckin faggots lmao 
these punk ass lil faggots never fail to surprise me when they magically grow a pair of balls n talk reckless over the feed. 
fuck, i hope this pic was photoshopped because it wasn't these faggots are not going to hell.... 
who says this type of shit? only faggots. poor anna 
i ain't gone be too many niggas" cuz i listen to a certain rapper, nigga. tf you think this was? 
setting up my new xbox one while you faggots work to please me. i'll never have enough. 
faggots are gay 
its a fukin joke. cesc such a piece of shit. fukin faggots supporting him. sagna top 5 player we had last 20 years 
no. i just don't like faggots. 
i am superior u r all edgy faggots ur an fgt 
pink cause youre all faggots 
2015 has been one hell of a ride, but i'm glad i got these faggots in my corner at all times. i love y'all. 
traps are faggots must die! 
most awkward sexting i've ever seen you absolute faggots 
women that support and enable antichrist politicians, parties, faggots, femcunts, etc. deserve bills" 
u guys are still being faggots huh 
bad bitches cuz they like bad bitches too* hood faggots with a bad attitude* 
most of you are circle jerking faggots tbh. 
you dont see adverts for methadone which implies it's safer than heroin when will the government step up on the vaporizing e-fags 2/2 
have you gone to get your fags 
yall cant even spell and you expect us to believe you can do that ha fags 
no goofies no fashion fags 
fuck you and i'm your i you. 
fags 
rebel fags get out reeeeeeee 
fuckin homo fags 
you claim poverty and smoke? pack of fags is a couple of meals it? 

all my friends are fags 
we had a blast being fags 
i don't like fags or weed so:// 
so are we talking third party trolls who want attention or agg fags who want attention? 
yall fags hot wings all day 
some fags 
can u fags just come play we need 3 
its no even that the reputation of anime what reputation? of weeb fags speaking in broken jap and dressing as naruto? 
smoked aboot 60.3 fags the nigjt 
thanks for the fags! 

isis, a bunch of girlie ladyboi homo polesmoking fags: 
none of these fags 
still can't believe my secret santa got me fags and a lighter! 
hi fags. hope you enjoy conforming to straight lifestyles with gay-marriage. but your parents will always be disappointed. 
nlnb some fags 
since when did a 20 deck of fags reduce to 17?! robbing twats 
why are u fags involving me and randi in this stfu i feel bad for us 
fags 
nlmb some fags 
nope, he just wasted his uncle's christmas gift gift for u fags) and he got 2 purples and the rest were blues. 
and a pack of fags? could of got a freddo mate 
it's sad to think that some lowtier fags go to lans like like tf 
smh friends with a bunch of fags 
u kno its gona b a gd night when ur mum gives u one of her fags lool 
their still those same fags from melbourne 
what's with basketball players wearing yoga pants under their shorts? fags 
he ain't good huh? fucking fatherless fags 
u come out now fags 
you and can call me on so i can drain that bank of yours. 
goodnight fags 
are pvp fags the most cancerous thing that happened to the souls series? yeah lore fags are cancerouse too but 
new fags 
right... and when you guys did it it to other fags on twitter it was ayy-ok right lmao 
a few shots from laker airways inflight magazine. loads of legroom cheap booze fags. airline perfection! 
your article was good bro. props. i hate those fags... you're still stupid tho hahaha 
this is literally what i'll be doing until i leave cause like no car and my friends are fags lol 
fags was kissin 
would just be happy with a pack of fags and some bacardi for my birthday hahahaha 
shaynes one of those fags who like harry faggot potter as a kid you like like that nigga too 
was i the only one uncomfortable with how miss philippines boobs were flopping all over the stage or 
still flopping 
my abuela held firm to her believes instead of flip-flopping to fit agendas, can't say the same about 
people saying that one direction are flopping 
donald, you dare apologize for saying hillary got updated flopping aces 
the painting once hung as if i was trying to connect to where it was. flopping down on the straw bed a puff~ 
hahah.. how u flopping on a easy diet.. stick to broccolli n chicken.. the good ol way 
enjoy august's first week sales as well, may i throw in how bad trey's last shit is flopping or should i stop? 
well at least you didn't see it flopping around like i did when i took the picture. 
mermaid cheerleader in the background awkwardly flopping about because the aquarium is dry. 
but 1d are flopping and justin is owning the charts happy for him but i was given a feeling" and 
had been awake a while until you woke up. i had made some food for us and bring it back in flopping down on the couch with 
it's flopping no pls 
when you lowkey know hillary is a flip flopping war criminal but you pretend to like her due to societal pressures: 
my game is flopping no! 
no flopping 5 times a week this is a commitment 
was going to get one for my friend but she's how much do they usually go for? can't find them in mp. 
or a bio im flopping 
you're not even flopping 
i'm glad ur flopping now 
and you can tell that victor dude i'm still waiting since yesterday for proof of cruz's constantly flip flopping charge 
holy shit i thought i was flopping 
that tweet from rbb coupled with the publicity for her flopping show convinced me this is fake 
dick has been flopping around on tv all year 
flip flopping is normal with politicians! 
oh god i haven't seen a crossfit pull up in a long time. i forgot how much of a literal flop it is. like literally flopping around. 
bobby for god freaking flip flopping sakes 
it's flopping omg 
your fav is flopping while my fav be popping 
dick has been flopping around on tv all year 
on the couch beside as you soon find the channel. ahh, time to relax. 
what is wrong with kristi!? i and that nsfw work when the screen shot is busted open wet ass pussy and dick just-a flopping! 
dick has been flopping around on tv all year 
tinashe leaked the terrible favours' herself and then featured cb on the solid maybe it's karma she's flopping a bit 
dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d at 
dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d 
dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d 
dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d 
dick has been flopping around on tv all year 
dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d 
dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d 
dick has been flopping around on tv all year is 
dick has been flopping around on tv all year: after years of teasing, tv has finally begun whipping out the d 
but it will be the best the world has ever seen, oh queen of flailing and flopping. 
the bleacher report only has 4000+ pages with clippers flop. yet, how many times have the clippers been fined for flopping? 
no flip flopping for me 
favouritism flip-flopping constantly in this one. newton, 1-0 up in legs, and 2-1 up in sets, now 4/11. 
it's a shame cause i felt the no flopping initiative was a good one, they just didn't care to follow through and enforce it 
dick has been flopping around on tv all year 
for the past three weeks i've been trying to get my friends all to come with me jump giants every i flopping it man!! 
forced family photo: i just took one of my kids. if you gave any.. tweet them to me. i love being mom! 
if they take him off the pedestal they have to admit he wanted val and not that she forced or tricked him. her fault 
that's horrible just block them like you shouldn't be forced to follow people it's your acc 
this so forced and nasty. hate niggas like this. 
if jose mourinho is to take the manchester united job, he will be forced to take a 50 percent pay cut from the... 
didn't you wash the dishes today? you were home all day" because i didn't fucking eat today and i was forced to stay home 
girl wore a blm shirt and said it in a school video, and she was forced to apologize 
maine teacher who was forced to take down christmas tree is told she can put it back. 
then i will be forced to actually get niv involved in our thread(s). 
tea forced me to watch anime while she sleeps so i'm watching it and im scared 
i got sssm again after deleting it from my life and now i hate it even more bc i cant log in my old account and is forced to make a new one 
forced smile. that's exactly what jace was doing right now. tossing her blade aside, the redhead approached 
maternity ward at sa country hospital forced to close for christmas 
abc maternity ward at sa country hospital forced to close for christmas 
why are people of bundelkhand forced to eat roti made of grass? via 
reason for he be forced coax the services re la math assistant professor: dlmu 
i think israel meaning all of us, are sick to put up with any of them. they should be forced into exile. or killed 
maternity ward at sa country hospital forced to close for christmas 
never seen such a forced couple! hope found her perfect match with aiden!they need2 bring him back! 
i'm not a hugger so why the hell should my kids be? via 
5 creepy changes the government forced on movies tv shows: 
looool. you want to force those doing it out of choice to stop. to prove that some are being forced? 
sun forced to print front-page correction over corbyn claim 
when you're forced to be a savage 
cory stubbs was forced to delete 3 months of tweets b/c twitter told him he was engaging in and 
the should be forced to have green grass in order to qualify as a bowl game 
i was forced to wear that hat, nobody believe what you see 
nope. forced unfollowed them, then when they done again i blocked them lol x 
a blind girl banned from using her white stick has been forced to change schools 
you and julie are bad influences! i've just been forced to buy the bath jewels box x 
was young and she was forced to be a woman." 
family who forced woman to eat her own faeces before beating her to death jailed 
yep, i don't celebrate it, usually work it, but this yer have been forced to endure it, i'm really struggling tbh 
deafeningly silent?his newspaper was forced to apologise for telling lies leader labour leader today in uk 
third orca dies six months this is disgusting! all should b forced out business 
i no longer have energy for meaningless friendships, forced interactions, or unnecessary conversations... 
forced it 
get rid off the forced mobile authenticator plsss 
at work i was forced to listen to the most disgusting bowie cover it was painful for me 
193 mexicans died after being kidnapped and forced to fig... 
i cannot think of anybody prettier than you misty 
listen, listen....you're not listening to me! 
the army life 
kevin gates lyricism as a trap rapper gets overlooked by y'all because he eat the booty and fuck his cousin from time to time 
accident in on elmgrove rd both nb/sb at hwy 531 
get up on my level-kevin gates 
tops salary&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;bill gates 
this is click it stereotype coming! 
10 kissing tips you need to know 
there again it's almost petty cash to bill gates 
how proud i am of my boy joseph n'guessan scoring a hat-trick for u21s v crystal palace. 6 goals in 3 games, 1week 
hey matt, how's it going? should i start wilson or rivers at qb this week and should i start gates or barnidge at te? 
since we're splitting bills.. where are the gates millennium scholars to help me pay my student loans? 
the flood gates are open 
12 gates tap takeover happening tonight 41 columbia street buffalo 14204 
no, but you can blame them for literally opening the gates on several occasions, much like they're figuratively doing now. 
peter de groot and peter gates illustrate two of merpati' s liveries. its history is at 
this is click it stereotype coming! 
stydnews why fulci's city of the living dead will always be 
mom made eggrolls tysm 
this is click it stereotype coming! 
you are the best! truely! thank you for everything! 
the top 6 good-news stories of 2015 
this is click it stereotype coming! 
i liked a video minecraft tutorial castle gates up to 15 blocks wide plus more 
cashing out on lil gates christmas presents 
this is click it stereotype coming! 
treasure island media 
herhh efficient paa. what dat?mr.gates buy me new ride. i nogo bab! 
mood kevin gates 
u dressing up lacie... 
stop lyin x kevin gates has always been my song lmao! 
but i'm hoping that the gates 
i'll follow that man to the gates of hell and back again as we resurrect the giant from the dead!!! 
any chance you could get that brasi 2 intro" by kevin gates on before 12? big ask i know but that track is just pure 
im the angel at heavens gates 
clip of evolution' documentary on at the gates' of the soul" available 
front gates, his transformation had worn off. now, all mario had to worry about was what he was going to tell adrien once 
i'm obsessed with kevin gates.... 
im always gonna be good 
young jeezy ft kevin gates she know on submit to dopesouf@gmail.com to be on air 
i liked a video from young thug destroyed ft. kevin gates 
who has the best targets to throw to?.......philip rivers has m. floyd and a. gates....thats pretty much it. 
artist gates bought a crumbling chicago bank for made it a world-class center via 
i'ma ho!!! an jus like kevin gates say takes to know one"... 
i am not a racist, i just don't approve of a homo, treasonous, fucktard embarrassing america 
the most important picture of 2015 
yoichi would platonically suck yuu's dick. no homo my dude, just a brojob, bro. 
i see you u homo 
when people act gay and say no homo 
it around town grandma!!!!! 
if i kiss genos, would he stop screaming. no homo, though. 
i gave it three thumbs up as well but i didn't need to grow a third because i already have a third. get it... ps no homo. 
the expression homo' is so funny it literally means man' 
me: ok but where is all this fanart coming from me: the sexy sonic!arin pictures] me: me: incredible 
ikr saying no offense doesn't change the meaning at all, kind of like saying no homo, that doesn't make any less gay 
who can i talk to about my feelings. no homo. 
this reminds me of no homo lmao 
ben please love me, but no homo 
if a nigga still saying no homo then i'm a think he gay 
vape, homo, meme 
have you already chosen the winners? or are you going to pick them during the stream? btw if u read this i love u no homo&lt;3 
the best version of santa baby is the no homo version by michael 
lmao niggas trying on outfits in the middle of the store on the strength of no homo? 
had a convo about evolutionary psych with someone yesterday...we reasoned by virtue of bigotry they're inferior homo sapiens... 
are you implying that we were never 100% real homo^tm 
ahhh i see i thought you meant fe:a yaaas the next game has homo relationships and i'm still screaming me big fan too 
fuckin homo fags 
i heard the next one you can be actual homo my roommate is big fan 
homo, drugs, pain 
e.t. phone homo 
sparky mixing up home and homo 
loool, you're not in even it..or worthy to be in that club! what spacex did was 1000x more difficult. 
lool yeh she is a model that i know and she came down to show so of that homo support on my movement. 
moans* 
homo homini lupus! i'm a corporate wolf, and you are my sheeps! 
homo sapiens by bradley williamson 
i love and respect you no homo but for christmas go talk to the gym girl actually when you can see her again go talk to her 
wet dreams from the 
when ur no homo bro has ur back 
homo, pain, death....... 
you forgot to say homo" so this is really gay. 
delete this 
lol..there are about 8 million gop candidates and every single one of them is obsessed with hillary clinton. 
i stabbed a homo because i'm a pimp 
bro yes homo 
yeah real shit homo mingling with heterosexual man.. i just ain't cool wit seeing a grown man dress like a woman like wtf fagg 
i got u ma nigga all homo kuz 
if you ain't in favour of boots on the ground you hate america, hate israel and are unpatriotic. oh, and most likely a communist. 
there was an underlying pressure that if i didn't participate i was some how homo and i felt they were homos for wanting this. 
no homo, i love tory lanez and bryson tiller 
reuben from the german yaoi-douji homo" by yaa 
kill they saying odell homo lmao 
paul nye the science homo. 
technology is evolving us, says amber case, as we become a screen-staring, button-clicking new version of homo sapiens. 
never buy me things with horses printed on it just because i ride. i'm not a six year old who needs all my things to reflect a single hobby. 
band of horses the funeral 
essential oils for natural pet care: cats, dogs, horses 
ryan giggs ain't ready yet. if zinedine zidane ain't ready, then giggsy should just hold his fucking horses 
they don't want you on horses! they don't want you to try different things! they don't want you 2!!! 
suppose captain birdseye is uncle albert off only fools n horses. x 
check out the new sale horses 
wishing everyone a very merry christmas a happy new year looking forward to coaching you all in 2016 and achieving many more goals. 
ah, so that's why doesn't use horses: the comic series. 
guns n' roses wild horses patience live tokyo 1992 hd 1080p] 
everyone making case for horses to improve many lengths just to compete vs happy reminds me of tonalist love fest before bc. 
we love horses 
one of yall horses wasnt a horse 
a gathering of horses via 
ooo he looks very sassy in the first picture. i'm expecting a break out of jazz hands/hooves any time soon. all that 
i bet you don't have horses that come to your job 
may the postie not spare the horses when delivering these. post isn't all that express sometimes. 
hey sone resh, thanks for the follow! drive the horses to water... you make them drink... we drive traffic to your business, you 
bring emergency shelter and shade to captive wild horses and burros sign the petition! via 
bad gas sparked spat, deputies seize five horses, crazy video captures wrong-way driver in action and others... 
sea horses are fascinating. check this list of interesting facts. fyi: men carry birth the little fry. 
on a really weird note, between the ages of 4 to 6, i used to call horses shlotie...shloooo tiiiie really drew out the vowels 
i posted 10 photos on facebook in the album i!" 
let's get the mustang babies out of the blm pen before christmas! via 
worst sketch ever, winter weather, 20 million floridians: bad gas sparked spat, deputies seize five horses, cr... 
im in kentucky thats basically the same thing but with chicken and horses 
a top 8 of horses i think can make further inroads in 2016, wouldn't mine 2 
what's the horses name? and where are you, the background is beautiful? 
polo horses on the pjs 
all the king's horses- karmina 
a lot of horses are like you'd be a multimillionaire 
everyones a fucking hypocrite 
ok. and so have you? don't call me out when a) i didn't even know scuba hacked and b) you're a hypocrite. 
i'm not saying y'all shouldn't stand up for selena, but don't be a hypocrite. 
i don't recall hillary's outrage over the treatment of woman with monica lewinsky? just the opposite. attacked her. hypocrite. 
what a hypocrite 
like u're one to talk smh hypocrite 
welcome back to 19th century kentucky. where this superstitious hypocrite is the new face of our state. 
black lives matter violates the rights of others all the time, hypocrite. 
i avoid royal pr, didn't watch it. if so, what a fucking hypocrite! unfollowed 
what a hypocrite 
can't stand a hypocrite. 
you'd think the herald would've learned after wee free homosexual hypocrite john macleod. 
you are such a fucking hypocrite! 
obviously these two and hypocrite are not patriots! 
yet you blocked me on twitter youtube, you pathetic hypocrite! 
suuuuuch a hypocrite lmao 
i swear atleast 20% of newton falls is inbred 
tell that to your inbred redneck farmers, i don't live anywhere near goats. they do. 
ur inbred 
i'm sorry but if you slam your cars you are a fucking retarded inbred dumbass. 
proof you inbred fuck 
inbred labor imbecile very pissed off about labor 
you may even see some of the inbred bishop lot 
yeah it has nothing to do with inbred racists. jealous? 
15% inbred 
i'd check my family tree to see how inbred i actually am. 
hey you ignorant inbred cousin cock suckers this women never said this-you're jacking each other's dicks! 
fuck up ya inbred 
inbred cruel arsehole. 
that guy was a fucking inbred 
who the fukh says this about their own flesh and blood is he a fan of inbreeding too the inbred twat. 
drug addled inbred labor voter your fair share labor 
westboro inbred choir. 
got cornbread, ya got cinnamon bread, ya got inbred..."- 
you sound like an inbred platypus 
breaking news!!!! get back to ur normal day job sucking dick and flipping burgers u inbred fagget! u is a bumbaclot bum sucka 
cant even come with original material? no! im in shock! and here i thot id be properly schooled by a proud teabagger inbred! 
you ok inbred or has your brother parred you off? 
all inbred there" oh right dad ok 
nath just said it's not inbred if you wear a condom 
inbred labor imbeciles your fair share labor 
i'll kill his inbred ass 
lol im far from inbred you cunt 
you have 10 followers, you filthy armpit licking paid commie troll. get off your inbred 
fucking repost the video you fucking inbred cunts i didn't see it this is so homophobic 
i meant as in be proud lol represent. that could be the case but shit theres still 100000 inbred white folks jealous of ya lol 
genetic architecture of atherosclerosis in mice: a systems genetics analysis of common inbred... 
woke up at 11:30, got back inbred at 2:45 and ate cannoli cream. haven't showed and haven't changed my clothes since last night.... 
make me sound inbred why don't you 
genoa city... you'll never a larger place filled with inbred rich kids 
i mean a true prince not an inbred accident of birth 
makes sense bc of how inbred the blacks were, sirius's parents were cousins god bless walburga black-black and i died 
tell him he's gotta be inbred if he doesn't think j no is the truth. are the statistics and tape not enough evidence?? 
idiots missed the any lady here on twitter who will have a realition with 1 on her own free will? 
i need to finish it all christmas eve, doing half a days work then probably go to the inbred town of telford 
u prob dont own a passport let alone have the right to comment on shit u know nothing of u inbred pos 
looool. no one is inbred in australia m8 
we can confirm that c*unty are still yokel tinks. supported by scotland's equivalent of brandine cletus spuckler from the simpsons 
u mean inbred? 
i fucking hate welham green chavs, you lots are some filthy fucking animals inbred bastards 
get yourself some tea and a couple ginger inbred biscuits and settle doon pal 
and can't exactly hear sarcasm, or know if it's a joke from text you inbred, do you live in alabama or some shit lol. 
as well as one of the most fucking retarded languages. please kill yourself you inbred fuck. 
what's wrong with aids prevention, you inbred halfwits 
pray for this inbred girl please 
i literally call a bitch sick once and i got inbred bitches on my dick oh my god 
i think people are beginning to understand; would a nazi allow a jew to opt out of shower? 
first they came for the jews and i wasn't a jew so my msm told me to shout 
anyway i`m only playing with you mikey, i believe you are atheist. why not? g-d knows i know you`re not a jew 
usa deals antique art deco platinum 1.34ctw diamond hamilton manual 14mm 
usa deals sterling silver 925 14k gold overlay set ring pendant earrings 
jew scum murdered my grandfather's employer, czar nicholas and his entire family should i love jews now? fuck the jews 
no just stop you jew 
what type of friend forces you to fuck someone smh where y'all bitches morals at? 
new 14k yellow gold saint st. anthony religious medal pendant necklace 
18k gold sterling silver diamond ruby stud earrings gemstone jewelry 
19.55ct aquamarine emerald beads 925 sterling silver chain necklace jewelry 
designer 925 sterling silver pave diamond fashion crown charm pendant jewelry 
gemstone 14k gold diamond pave 925 sterling silver lapis lazuli pendant jewelry 
925 sterling silver 17 in graduated bezel cz necklace 
geometric blue lapis lazuli cabochons sterling silver choker bib necklace 925 ss 
new subversive jewelry by justin giunta silver tone ceramic pendant necklace 
vintage 14 karat white gold diamond mens dress ring fine estate jewelry 
0.72ct diamond 925 sterling silver 18k gold designer pendant fashion jewelry 
solid 18k yellow gold stud earrings pave diamond women's/men's fine jewelry 9 mm 
18k gold.925 sterling silver diamond choker necklace beads jewelry 
mens white gold finish simulated diamond fully iced out loop key chain 
i1/g 0.90ct round cut diamond jewelry two-tone gold men's engagement ring band 
diamond and 14k gold mens ring jewelry brand new ring pinky ring mens jewelry 
14ky large citrine gents ring estate jewelry free sizing 
14k yellow gold 20" inch figaro link jewelry chain for men 
14k gold natural white round cut diamond mens anniversary wedding band vintage 
mens 10k yellow gold egyptian queen nefertiti real diamond charm pendant 0.75ct 
jesus preaching pose 10k yellow gold pendant xl 3.5" pixel diamond cut necklace 
1.5 carat vvs1 round cut diamond engagement solitaire ring 14k white gold 
3.9 cttw diamond engagement ring 14k white gold classic princess cut e si1 
3 ct diamond engagement ring 14k rose gold classic round d color, si2 clarity 
alex is the black jew. penny pinching rich african bitch 
3.92 cttw diamond engagement ring 14k white gold classic princess cut f si1 
2.12 ct new diamond engagement anniversary ring 14k gold color, vs1 clarity) 
cz stones, aaa, cubic zirconia, round 0.90mm through 16.00mm full dia cut 
cz stones, aaa, cubic zirconia, round 0.90mm through 16.00mm full dia cut 
vegan twitter is basically a secret clique of avocado worshipping, tree hugging losers and i love it 
i just wanna listen to good music with cool people by cool i mean total losers like me) 
grinch ad: awesome commentary losers have to divert their ineptness/corruptness by pointing fingers. 
win is a win...and we won 10. we also loss 4 games but looking at your record is for losers." coach mac maybe 
shorter murdering babies polls well so the gop should keep funding it gope losers in a nutshell there. 
little losers-play with us: 
i'm outliving all of you losers 
time you go to your twitter profile account, the losers watching actually see a different page." 
do me a favor losers don't fucking dm me unless you have/are going to tribute. my attention is not free for you worms! 
is the name of track. are no losers obvi. 
early night for me spoil me while i'm away also rt follow i need more sissy losers chastity sluts 
what a bunch of losers...a jedi knight and chewbacca would never join the empire in a player announcement. 
still pissed at ppl hating on pia for winning. they couldn't even give a valid reason on why she's at fault. pathetic sore losers smh 
the real losers here are steve perpiglia's crew. this game has been too close for our favorite player to see any action. 
i'm sooo glad i now know these 
a hero. a hero. together: boom. 
yo seb!!! you should love and i!!! because i mean...were pretty much losers 
i am literally one of the biggest losers 
winners make a habit of doing things that losers 
i hope he had a nice round. i also think this is not news and shouldn't be reported by losers 
where did you interpret that the cardinals and fans are scared and sore losers? it was an interview with wainwright. 
what a bunch of fucking losers 
same lmao i be fake outraged as if im the woman who has to deal with these losers 
anyone who loves america and has brain cells loves trump...tell the losers running against you, act,destroy isis now 
miami mean girls sex for losers direct link 
are we gonna wear name tags? outside of giant jer dont know what the fuck you losers look like 
are you guys emailing only the winners or the losers as well? 
how pathetic is this group another set of losers 
winners win. losers make 
fuck u niggas y'all thought j was being srs bout my main chicks name losers 
only way to generate interest is to promote the losers on the right, else hrc sweeps 
little losers-play with us: 
losers are also busy. 
she's the ambassador. the losers are immediately inducted into the universal armed forces. 
losers 
expect me wow thxs mikey 
you mine as well just get a new one. i've come to realization, that's what i need to do already. 
super mario 3d world! blind beginning): 
its alright hbu 
anyway i`m only playing with you mikey, i believe you are atheist. why not? g-d knows i know you`re not a jew 
shawn, luke, mikey, calum 
i won tickets for tomorrow 
dump her mikey!!! 
i hate all you guys 
hahahaha! gutted! howa you any way mikey??? looking forward to xmas? 
charlottsville bound 
night mikey family! i'm still swooning over my special xmas card from ms stevie 
lost all my videos from mikey great 
i liked a video adele hello in cartoon voices) mikey bolts 
i will be i'll be awake for a while. please look at the dm i sent you mikey xxx 
luke korns, connor franta, mikey murphy, margarita elizabeth 
just take me back to 10/30/15 i won't ever forget it 
nuuuuu!!! just saying, blue is the brightest. other colors are kinda darker 
pick me up some cologne 
is to meet and xx 
nan night all 
can you ask mikey to dm me please it's been so 
i liked a video fan accounts in real life 3 w/ luke mikey 
i named my panda pillow pet mikey... turn up 
i've been predicting this for some time 
haha finally, but idk possibly 
i feel you right now. 
let's eat! 
got me some food 
it's not working 
awww i miss you too mikey me and you should go out to lunch soon! 
hey nash! 
remember when mikey ordered subway for justin and got mad bc there wasn't any mustard.. 
happy birthday 
this makes no sense out of context you do realise? 
blue would my third fav lol 
me and my dog bruce! we love you so much. how about you tweet us a selfie of you and mikey now??? 
buffy really needs to listen to giles. 
live on mikey smalls is live!!!! 
yeah i def feel you on that one. can't replicate perfection. 
poor fucking mikey, right?? 
just posted a photo 
mikey got some bby hufs on the snap hahaha 
happy birthday bro! 
am so buzzin to see mikey february needs to hurry 
because any cheesesteak place outside of philly aint philly 
we watched the wrong film 
sure bbg i'm doing a solo dm giveaway right now! since u tweeted mikey for me i'll make sure u get a solo dm 
and answer ur dms loser 
aw they're cute and also small enough to pick up. i can't pick up mikey anymore but when he was little he was so fluffy!! 
aay nigger 
mah nigger. good thing you stoped being now that you've become black, 
big dick 
supporters then sprung into action and beat up southhall while reportedly calling him a and a 
i mind getting slagged when i was a wee guy for liking music". same cunts are aw slebberin' er drake and his like now. 
damn liar...look at any inner city school and see you are a fucking idiot or just a nigger pushing liar. 
you a corny ass nigger mane 
white people will say nigger behind your back but never to your face. 
better than good the 3 hours just flies by, there's gonna be word count uproar when it's released haha! 
my money" by akil nadir, the anti nigger: a humble ardor mixtape 
nigger juice preview type of thing already gone. 
you go to the market and buy your sex? like agege bread? nigger!!! 
black patron just called black cashier a stupid nigger. but obviously i'm the racist. somehow. 
i never understood why people were obsessed with the o.j. simpson murders. he's a nigger who killed people. that's not a rare situation. 
when playing catchphrase wants to be one"-rachel- nigger" 
nigger no rsmb 
calling him a nigger is no different from you being a saltine cracker, it still doesn't change nth 
ew fuck drake softest nigger alive 
follow back nigger 
what did i say lil nigger 
my grandma- i'm sweating like a nigger on election day" 
so nigger is looking for a blonde boi. a child. 
after you drink water you gotta buy that 30 rack you said youd buy ya fucking nigger 
stupid nigger 
you're a nigger for this. 
am i a nigger bc i actually think i like this jumpman song 
or they want black women to let them call them nigger bitches while hitting it from the back..just what i heard tho 
white people still think the word nigger is a good insult not going to stop me from giving a anglo saxon 
nigger mother fucker 
hey fuck you and your field nigger inferiority complex 
you don't do shit on anything you're harmless you stay harmless you pathetic nigger 
this is why you're the realest nigger 
send for u shitty 
watch me crank that nigger boi, and moon man that hoe. 
geechi sin called me a nigger lol 
my first. nigger. what's up whitey!!!! 
stupid nigger 
cause you're cool and i think it was a sand nigger 
how long can i surf liveleak without seeing the word 
u smoking dick ma nigger 
i'm still static boot me nigger 
why are they dropping nigger in a tweet like that's calm, can someone explain? 
nigger is eating those cakes 
so at 57:28 in this video, the racist girl decides to say on lil nigger"... 
have a very very white nigger trash chritmas. happy holidays. and i really mean it truly. by aka thepeasants of ottawa aka kim reasbeck 
my nigger 
bout to go ham on a nigger if skype keep fucking up 
i will take a look, from the one and only in all of canada. mr. white nigger trash of ottawa ontario. 
i say nigger. 
lmao right!!! shock of my life. light skinned nigger with beautiful brown eyes...totally not utata madiba... 
jews don't eat gmo, but they make it. here's how you can easily avoid gmo.: 
now y'all love him....he was 10000 after that cardinals 
probably because they're niggers. 
my good up credit and y bands ah run it up i don't wait for niggers to give me allowance like 
well, i'm not sure about that! niggers gona nig afterall 
so much cloth even the starving niggers would tire of eating it 
all you niggers stalking my twitter. hop off. niggas tryna catch the hands 
over 80% of violent crime...niggers and spics...true story! 
no it depends on keeping the niggers and ragheads out. putting queers back in the closet, and destroying all jews nor in israel 
john thinks protestors are for niggers). is this ok? 
isn't it hilarious, that the niggers have the audacity to claim white people have no culture? 
fuck yall niggers 
are we expecting lots of niggers? 
white niggers' uhhh? 
one cummie two cummie three cummie four how many niggers are in my store 
yes i mean niggers 
when you say aids, you means niggers?? 
read first sandra bland is the casualty of weak niggers who think i'm too outspoken who 
niggers are not allowed 
niggers can say a gangster and a thug" and there peers will still respect them. white folks cant do that cause more is expected from us. 
niggers 
all niggers beware 
fuck niggers 
cunt 
wow really?... did you really just say 
being attacked by get attacked some more tho 
the niggers in love one? 
i read that normally till it got to the part, i read that in a texas accent. your a racist for that theory 
i'm at school and wow you niggers hate bitch i wonder why 

actions, not data. have them niggers voting democratic for the next 200 years" lbj. if ura democrat, i feel sorry 4u 
one of my niggers asked for four bitches please if you know where to get them from tell me 
i hate niggers!!! fuck mexicans!! 
1. niggers are delusional monkeys 
i shouldn't have to define niggers for u racists fucks 
i open only for real thug 
good job for being niggers in a society amongst a society of black presidents 
i hate niggers i hate traitors i hate traitor niggers in space moonman trooper, 2015 
this man keeps calling us niggers 
niggers wanted to go home so quickly after dinner like we've got girlfriends waiting for us at the crib 
told them niggers they done turn me to the old me 
sandra bland is the casualty of weak niggers who think i'm too outspoken who would rather keep their few non... 
i don't like niggers in my mentions get out 
niggers look. i want to study law. i need this. it's a bird, and an attorney. 
holy shit that's a niggers hand 
sense 2001 niggers dodge me like durango 
mines niggers 
boy they sleeping on you niggers about wake up 
it's just as great when my grandmother chimes in too. alana why do you date niggers when there's plenty of white men out there" 
let's say you're all correct and blacks are intellectually inferior. does this mean they should be mistreated?: 
big cunt you pal 
lol everyone deserves the right amount of love from me pal 
should have gained 9 there pal,yeah i like to throw a curveball in now and then to have a bit of a cull hahaha. 
idk what is called try it sometime algo different pal hambre que no she quita haha 
are you actually going to read mine and follow me pal? 
happy birthday pal!! hope it's great!!!! 
sorry, think your cybernat pal bill got the wrong end of the stick! 
jeb. clean up. go home. it's over pal. you are toast. the midget awaits you at home. listen tiny dancer is playing 
when your pal comes in clutch for girls night. 
meh i'm sweet pal 
thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x114.050 
thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x114.049 
thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x114.048 
thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x114.047 
thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x114.046 
thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x114.045 
haha i'm getting better practice makes perfect pal xxxx 
thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x114.044 
thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x114.043 
thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x114.042 
thank you for everything. you deserve all the love and happiness. always. mind following me? have a lovely day pal. x114.041 
you know the whole fandom loves coz he's never portrayed as the bad guy in any of the fanfics! he's always the lovable pal! 
anakin's little pal is so cute i hope he appears when they're grown ups 
showing your love for your live in gal pal is not gay. it's beautiful. 
whoa! 
we'll see mate. bumped into my good pal so he'll keep me right 
lol no i like taek more personally but i want deok sun to end up with jung pal 
good job, pal. 
i really want to go on a mission trip. 
calling me a messy bitch when you don't know me and you look like napoleon dynamite, sick 
i've only knew dtheimos for 4/5 hours and he's already a better pal than keenan 
we smashed it pal 
a shit ton pal 
howdy! check out my pal's vids if you'd like! 
howdy! check out my pal's vids if you'd like! 
nite nite pal happy snoozes and dreams mwah 
thank u pal 
cebu pacific, pal ban hoverboards cnn philippines december 22, 2015 
happy birthday old pal...stay beautiful 
michael buble is not my pal. 
now, stick to a circle. and sans wouldnt call pal for help from being bit, he would probably not care or go ape shit 
h20bd to my fun loving pal thanks for sharing your love of make up always being down to get 
we would have to see. but if the board are 100% behind him they would give him money to improve 
golden paw hugs* thank you my dearest bliss you is a good pal xxxx 
holy mercy! 
when your pal bumps the music a bit too much 
you're all acting lit your best pal has mugged you right off, when in reality its fuck all like that 
2005 jeep grand cherokee limited 4dr 4wd suv for sale in pal: via 
cheers pal. it just doesn't make sense to me 
no bother pal 
i stole them nights from her at her dads yard that's it. you queers want your cams night out paying for 
no it depends on keeping the niggers and ragheads out. putting queers back in the closet, and destroying all jews nor in israel 
droids are the queers of the galaxy. 
half these wenger out dickheads are just queers for pep's v-necks imo 
some guys are such queers that it actually hurts me every time i hear them talk 
i liked a video from steeres and queers flat earth follies w/mark sargent 
tufts queers don't know anything about boston, huh? 
i love being forced into a coowned twitter account about fave queers that i'll have to remember to keep up thanks 
one more reason usd is a bunch of queers 
keep queers out 
turn it back on u queers 
so if fan service in films is can we get some love for fandom that queers and race and gender bends mainstream narratives please? 
so because women do bad things too, women don't need space away from men? queers mras team up. again. 
christmas is for queers. 
it either goes both ways or it doesn't. either you're a free speech absolutionist or you're not. up you queers" is not a position 
queers of a feather flock together 
queers 
like pls stop tweeting him and sending the t100 cast crap. they have queers and poc and no triangles. don't ruin it. 
i never wanted to be an activist. i just wanted to live without being insulted by straights queers on a daily basis. i just wanna be me. 
there is no shortage of queers 
maybe there will be visible queers in space? 
queers, niggas and slutwifewhores unite for trump! end pc! 
all the words! for spain! i mean queers. sorry, columbus'd that one a bit. 
fuck those queers it's all about the vampires 
also read some fun facts about gypsies and queers. 
mosh is for queers 
watch out for your corn hole. a lot of serious queers in nashville. you know what to do with the pinky 
her old man he don't like blacks or queers yet he's proud he beat the nazis? how queer 
morning queers 
killer instink queers are coming to pc already 
her old man, he don't like blacks or queers. yet he's proud we beat the nazis... how queer 
this made me laugh 
she bashes queers and apoligizes for sexual harassment and rape as an trainee 
to be fair when you and your friends make it a point to attack and harass queers to turn around and cry victim 
hyporcrits who bash queers but pretend to be about lgbt if it pisses the gop off. rape culture fans etc 
and are the 2 biggest queers i know.. making christmas cookies together like.. 
i think history has proven me correct about another lower class black who hates queers. a nigger. 
li is the shit bags fi are the fighting queers. 
queers 
yeah lol anime is for queers.. heh heh amirite? 
where are all the cool jhb queers? please come visit and i. we're really nice black label loving humans. 
to the guy teaching his young twins what and wear, you're making an ass of yourself and you're a piece of shit 
any queers in the theater tonight? get em up against the wall... that one looks jewish and another with spots! 
revenant ain't for women, pussies, queers, or the french!" movie reviewers, the fiercest breed of men on earth. 
nice one! or are we now blaming queers for looking too 
my info was put out a long time ago. uzbek is just a bigoted bully. she attacks queers 
tbt seguin saying nothing but steers and queers in texas, and i ain't no steer. oh boy. gold 
one month back in dallas i've been absorbed into a crew of rad queers bc life is cc 
fda lifts blood donation ban on queers if they've been abstinent for a year. so basically, the ban stays in place. well played fda. 
i need to find his steers and queers tweet 
2 new unfollowers in the last day. via 
josh norman's pff coverage grade fell to 89 after sunday. new active cb? jason verrett 
finna have r&amp;r wings for the first time today 
is the d.r.e still d.r.e. snoop dogg) by dr. dre selat sunda) 
538 has been really funny to follow this primary season, especially the r side. 
ill ride my boat to wherever u r in the ocean and whack that ass w my oar 
questions about online content. 
1 new tweep followed me in the last day. i find relevant people to follow with the feature of 
why r you talkin to my man pls 
r u bring ya boyyyy?;) 
if we both win in the next round. rose at home to forfar on jan 9. 
leave a comment on the new vid to give us your ideas on what color the celica should be! 
tin-pin bowler's freak trick shots 
clash of clans lava pup ad: james corden christoph waltz 
climber dies in mt cook national park 
coincidentally, the top 11 scoring defenses are the only 11 teams with a winning record. 
boys r not chill humans 
what time r u thinking 
any good youtube downloaders out there? 
resale brand name clothes r where it's at! get 15% off 1st order 
ill forget by new yea r s 
ate some pizza and played some until dawn with tonight. love youse 
last i heard he's done w rapping, which i'm ok with cause i love whenever he sings and does his vers. of hip hop r&amp;b! 
y r u so angry 
kg doesn't play that much anyways. zero payne minutes. i mean, we are only talking 15 minutes when he's full strength 
rank 99 account giveaway! via 
4 amazing followers in the last day and there will be more tomorrow. growing with 
what? that he wants to rebuild the military and help the vets? otherwise, wtf r u talking about? 
are online ordering marijuana sites like this legal? 
gears of war 3 and gears of war: judgement code giveaway. via 
just cause 1 2 giveaway! via 
stop sending emails to me ho smh 
chronicle closed beta codes. via 
thongs r the bomb 
turkish soldiers shell the asayish security) point in tel abyad 
burning the kraken via 
4 steam games giveaway via 
me khan is the only one for pakistan best option.nobody is perfect except allah n khans mistakes r 
video: d.r.a.f. ft. josh dwh you ready 
apple ipad plus worth of beauteque goodies giveaway! via 
you uk, us dual citizen 
crashing links is all we r here for darling 
more decent steam games to via 
gears of war 1,2,3, and judgement via 
giveaway] via 
weiss schwarz promo codes via 
maragos early in season was lining up 30 yards deep so you tell me 
a waitress wrote on a receipt. but when she checked her facebook later she almost fainted. 
can we just collectively start calling fusion rifles rifles" to show our disdain for the meta via 
shiny landorus christmas giveaway via 
how political centre is being eaten by the radical left and nationalist right: 
ex-cia employee admits president obama is a radical islamic enemy of america 
radical candor the surprising secret to being a good boss 
no, i mean radical as in not shit. 
freaking out 
claim territories. get resources. prep for battle. you've never gamed like this 
i have a pretty radical way of turning people off it's called talking 
what do radical islamic's and racist trump have most in common? the total and utter disrespect of women! 
american citizens in san bernardino burn down radical islamic mosque only 14 dead! 
the radical heart of it was not the occupations per se but the self-determined open democratic process 
idea i know! via 
a radical change is required to our approach to the 1001 critical days. 
celebs who had sex with transgender 
oh my goodness 
elon musk signs open letter proposing radical fix to vw's emission scandal 
interesting perspective. another word, such as that is misused and contorted, appears to be... 
i also bought a sweater that defines feminism as radical notion that women are people" 
if i seen that shit i would have boycotted prom 
a love song to freedom fighters: radical movements 
here's a year-end list i'd like to be in happy to see some of my friends are): 
school stops being fun, all too frequently, learning stops." 
you know peppa pig is a radical feminist? 
psychology must be used to create radical, confrontational, workers. 
you need to push for an invasion into syria. eliminating islam and its radical elements is what you should call for. 
some bad muslims" do not make all muslims bad. i have an open mind and heart. 
i will never support radical socialism that prevents wealth for the middle class 
has racist ceo and they also donate money to radical islam. 
discusses radical islam as a threat to us. 
lmfao so did everyone's grades shit on mine this semester? awesome. radical. epic. splendiferous. euphoric. 
fau terminates radical professor for blog post elementary school denier 
to 5' turns 35, and it's still radical today via 
21/news] chris christie's alarming long track record of close ties to radical terrorists 
all this magical all this radical 
informed people love trump b/c he's is about substance kill radical islam bring our money jobs home close border us pride 
no! you stain the factor with your radical right wing agenda and love for trump! 
on bobby darin became a folkie radical 
there may be radical muslims but there are radical christian's, jews, other religions and indeed atheists. 
elon musk signs open letter proposing radical fix to vw's emission scandal 
gives me extreme anxiety because i was a very radical and emotional kid and those are like diary entries and i don't even remember 
not a radical muslim i hope. 
you act as if the radical black panthers dont exist? killing whites? ok im done here you cant argue w ignorance 
gonna be radical this year and adress all my cards to mrs. and mr. instead of the other way around 
last time fbi homeland stated no mosques have come forward in helping in search of radical mosques and isis. 
now here's a radical idea. 
the microbiome solution. a radical new way to heal your body from the inside out. available january 2016. 
liberal logic: rape victims need to be believed, unless they are victims of bill clinton, unless they are men, unless they are raped by isis 
kids be traded for sex being raped married off to men with no say etc etc is wild as too 
what do you get when you see bill cosby in double-vision? raped. 
death penalty and raze all mosques 
wicklow man raped partner's two sons and made them commit incest with each other. monstrous. via 
she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at 12. after 9 years, she reveals her story. 
yo site just got raped 
kane raped george lucas 
these days when i look at statues of historic figures, i just assume they raped, pillaged, extorted their way to stone immortality. 
i know the difference between being raped by a man and assaulted by a woman first hand. 
one got raped. but it does happen 
she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at 12. after 9 years, she reveals her story. 
tell that to a person who got raped, you insensitive asshole. 
everyone thought this girl was lying about being raped u... 
i hope you get raped in jail 
so... i was raped today! fiancially!! part of me wants to cry, the other part of me is glad they used a condom. 
she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at 12. afte... 
boy, 14, raped his sleeping mother 
the same chance as a heterosexual has of being raped by a male one. 
the statistical reality is that, as a lesbian, you have about a 25-30% chance of being raped by a female partner. 
the difference between rapped and raped is very large n i should remember how to spell 
and it laughs at me because i gave birth to it its father raped me.. and well it is not of god.. and it kills... steals and kills.. so 
a law that was almost passed allowing women to be raped but instead feminist believe that all men should die because 
india's tolerance level be sure to read it out to your beloved wife 
how old are you? why are you fighting with 18 year olds and joking about someone getting raped, pathetic bitch. 
just a quick ratios a woman in u.s. is raped versus gets breast cancer: 2 to 1 rank in the world for rape is 13 
entertainment news was raped at 19 cindy thompson' via full story at 
that's like saying wore suggestive clothing so you got raped" 
what you get me for christmas" nothing, fuck you, eat a dick, santa raped mommy 
watch the scene matt drudge thought was leonardo dicaprio being raped by a bear 
matters more about her, because she was fucking raped then now fucked again by the man you call a husband, then you- 
greg says trumps yiddish slang sexism not presidential wild bill clinton raped monica cigarsex in oral office! 
yeah? i dunno, i'm nonreligious and i feel okay about it. christmas as a holiday is fine with me, i think a lot of religion... 
religion combined with the state is a dangerous thing and history shows us it that it was very often abused. 
sanity is not determined by vote or numbers-religion can make many people crazy especially if uneducated 
making excuses for the religion of islam via 
correct religion is weird 
we must respect every religion so that we can be together to overcome from disasters and attacks. but the sultan. 
religion has a place in society people need to feel comforted in a harsh world. 
women's true religion jeans medium wash billy straight size 26 new nwt msrp 
der says that 
yes it does, it's compulsory. and if you're not okay with it, then you can choose another religion. 
don't lecture me about ireland, i live here, mainly national conflict with religion... 
islam is a 3rd century religion, it's under scrutiny for the jihad against the modern 
no it hasn't its a belief for example the asian somali culture etc they all have different cultures religion doesn't shape it 
wearing fake clothes is against my religion 
wwii jews. vietnam proxy godless soviets vs west. have you read the book by randall miller re: religion in us civil war? 
i'm criticizing the religion. you need to understand that. 
are kenyans, we are not separated by religion. we are 1 ppl as a nation. this is a very good message from my muslim brothers sisters." 
something about the way you worded the description of your mother's religion has me dyin 
i am deeply offended by your comments on my religion and will be filing for harassment with the moon courts! 
rare occult books vol 2 dvd kabbalah,masons,mythology,native american religion 
church official's conviction over complaints reversed again: philadelphia the landmark 
excellence they say is a detterent to rascism, religion, politics, favouritism, tribalism and the likes. you guys are much. 
family, religion, friends.. these are the three demons you must slay if you wish to succeed in business. 
rape in the name of religion.. when god gets the butt hole drill team. unit after ya'll asses.. going to become born again saints. 
company profile tennessee school of bible and religion 
gov. abbott nixes freedom from religion display at texas capitol. 
but do whatever your religion tells you, i guess. 
there is no religion feed at this time. i've been covering education since october. 
who cares what his religion is. omg. 
if the castle falls 
islam a religion, how did lent him a helping hand. europeans supported him 
back to the basics 
it's bad religion to be in love with someone who couldn't love you 
obama: working class still clinging to guns and religion via 
humanity religion. proof: 
sorry, that's against my religion 
certain is advertising because of man superiority over women, the worse off all. 
freedom of religion is a blessing as long as it tows the lines of the law of the land. 
religion 
i know more than you because i am not constricted hypnotized and ruled by a stupid religion and an imaginary god 
and loving and honoring their higher selves and religion in the face of hatred love won 
my nigga in the essence of boring. i've stayed in bed and watched a 6 hour video on a guy debating religion 
2,000-year-old mix of religion politics 
exercise before exercise 
it's amazing...religions hve more n common than we r willing 2 admit. barbarism is barbarism regardless of cloak of religion 
i fucking hate homophobes. if two people are happy together you have no fucking right to break them up because of your morals or religion 
guess their religion... 
we can go around and around in circles on this. point is, you ignore the variation in religion, divinity, etc. 
you know im on some balla shit im true to my religion 
exercise before exercise 
g.sand. 
my entire tl is talking about sand 
clowns in the sand 
have you ever dreamt of waking up on a white sand beach? 
wow that sand is white 
it is spoil made up of mostly sand! 
how tf am i supposed to get the sand out of the cut dkajsgsw 
i really want hydrophobic sand for christmas. 
sand cat 
you're smooth, ruthie. not like sand. i hate sand. 
one of my favorite color in a sand 
someone who loves the ocean and enjoys the feeling of sand between their feet, sound of wind in their ears. 
following christ did, not following christ has led to war and present decay, look at islamic world, sand, your destiny 
have you considered star trek 50th! please come. relaxed. fun. sun, sand, ocean, geeks. trek quantum leap! 
tuck patti castles made of sand/little wing 
have sand i could throw shit at your jk 
they will never never never take the summer from me 
stop putting sand in them, it's coarse and it gets everywhere 
mars' sweeping dunes steal the show in 1st close-up view 
a lot of the liberals are willing ostriches with their head in the sand 
friends, playing game, and i really need the following items: marble, sand please help me! 
texas sunsets and tci 
sand wars infrastructure just got sexy 
the jerks who block the intersection on wolf rd and sand creek so you can't go when the light is green 
we don't bring sand to the beach lol we squad in that city 
tp tools skat blast 960 sand blast sandblasting cabinet, made in usa 
isn't the sand like frozen it's cold out lmao 
jar jar: she's hot, yes? anakin: first girl i've seen that wasn't a sand beggar padme: lol little man tryna get his pee pee wet 
left hand taylormade tour preferred ef atv 56* sand wedge steel fst kbs excnt 
a grain of sand: nature's secret wonder by greenberg, gary 
if an archaeologist found that face on a statue in a desert he'd sweep the sand back over it 
wit this inconclusive govt. 2016 budgets another sinking sand. 
our errors are grains of sand beside the great mountain of god's mercy 
tell the pentagon to pound sand 
sand cat 
brazen racket in pune district: in 4 months, 2,248 cases registered against illegal sand 
this is the first sand snowman i've ever seen 
savages 
and all these elephants are slaughtered for a chinese market. these people are fucking savages. 
government offers anti-rape classes instead of throwing the savages out. typical liberal non-thinking. go norway! 
i hate to call them pigs they are rather nice animals) but it conveys my utter contempt for these savages. 
savages britain's proposed new spying laws 
my savages my savages my savages 
got one every year lmao 
merry christmas from your favorite savages 
r u being serious next door or having a party and didn't invite me...savages 
girls are fucking savages 
i find it interesting to note that ppl who grew up in cities use umbrellas ppl from the woods don't. we just take it like savages. 
my bad dawg, thought they would like to hear a great christmas 
because they don't follow christ, there will be nothing, no cities, a few savages running wild, enjoy 
a lot of pressure when your lady pays the bills bruh. got to eat ass just to keep the savages away from your door. stressful 
savages! 
the rockets are savages for this 
boy you ain't have to tell the whole twitter universe 
i did state time wit the savages 
haha get em 
once gave his little sister his old shoes he didnt wear anymore for christmas. be grateful. 
we're savages 
can't wait to see the big homies and kill it tomorrow. 
savages 
savages!!!!!! 
chick fil a so savage lmaoo savages on the highest level hahahahahahaha oh boy 
better check your drink fam 
best basslights i've ever been to hands down.. definitely one for the books. see all you savages at new years 
let's go savages! 
savages. we're all friends here. 
scared to continue my driving lessons in london rather than herts because i know there are savages on the london roads loooooool 
savages for life 
i love these savages 
you kids are savages 
hold on to genuine females... cuz deez bitches r savages nowadays man 
savages 
drivers in are savages! 
i wonder what you say behind my back 
yall are savages, but they do look exactly alike tho lol 
how much were you guys paying the bouncers? 
shy glizzy goes to memphis to perform and allegedly gets his chain confiscated by savages. 
mullen savages assembly leadership over casino ballot snafu: william t. mullen, the president of the new 
mullen savages assembly leadership over casino ballot snafu: william t. mullen, the president of the new 
mullen savages assembly leadership over casino ballot snafu: william t. mullen, the president of the new 
yall really some savages on here man lol 
mullen savages assembly leadership over casino ballot snafu 
paul ryan stole bil of hard working us tax payers to bring in 300k of these savages. treasonous. hang him! 
hhhhhhh it's one of the british slang term dick in erection 
so beach slang was on the radio last night. 
i'm so deadddd. i'm boutta slang these grams. a gram some oregano 
donald trump slams hillary clinton using crude slang term 
then we can go as friends lol 
whoomp, there it is! remember these 90s slang? 
of course, double date 
you know you got her when she starts using your slang 
you know you got her when she starts using your 
i used a lot of southern slang mixed with westside ebonix 
never say that to anyone though because it is also slang for something else. and he got so confused and my mom was just like i think 
what? slang? what kinda white supremist rethoric is this? what is the proper way to speak then? say it. 
i cant stand it when people call me fam, yea its slang but chill bro 
all i know how to do is slang parts 
hilary... she's so woke bae, imo.... she knows all the slang, and star wars 
that is the industry slang for this kind of mess, actually. 
donald trump slams hillary clinton using crude slang term: copyright 2015 npr. to see more, 
donald trump slams hillary clinton using crude slang term 
needs more carny slang 
donald trump slams hillary clinton using crude slang term: donald trump used some colorful slang monday night 
greg says trumps yiddish slang sexism not presidential wild bill clinton raped monica cigarsex in oral office! 
understand the stand on the name of paryushan can't stops sailing chickens fish bt against cow slaughter 
but its ok to slaughter them in halal practise? where to u pinkoes get off on selective condemnation? 
to think this this are unrelated is ignorant, apathetic, irresponsible. 
holy horrors: religious slaughter through the centuries 
i liked a video from black ops 3 funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
im surprised this is 50/50 the slaughter looks so much nicer imo and it's a butterfly 
i just entered karambit slaughter giveaway here 
over a painting depicting dolphin slaughter excluded from the shinju matsuri festival art awards 
hb grandi supply warner fish who supply many uk fish shops. hb grandi are linked to slaughter 
help stop the slaughter of gentle life help us fight taiji cetacean holocaust 
i liked a video from black ops 3 funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
two horses dead and ten wounded in corralejas parties. suspend this slaughter now! via 
i hate the shieva with a burning passion 
ban cruel live slaughter practices of cows in bangladesh 
i liked a video from black ops 3 funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
ban+cruel+live+slaughter+practices+of+cows+in+bangladesh!! 
do u ever think about how many girls probably screenshot your shit and put it in a group message and just completely slaughter you 
this is the of troll that tries to defend the hideous slaughter at just 
i liked a video from black ops 3 funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
holy crap i love that pattern on the slaughter 
i liked a video from black ops 3 funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
i want to slaughter this pos. i won't, but i want to. he should be charged with and in jail. 
i liked a video from black ops 3 funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
i liked a video from black ops 3 funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
i liked a video from black ops 3 funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! 
black ops 3 funnies fake spoilers, air horn, and more! funny/random moments): via 
goddess cocony sit on her sublime m5 while a slave kiss divine bmw pedals and her imperial feet 
then your slave master gotta tell you to stop tweeting film 
objectd: yes you heard me. as a slave/object you will be shaved, stripped down to nothing,... 
he's an ideological slave so i that part. it's the pretending that obvious links between things don't exist that slays me 
but what will not happen is i will not slave and overwork myself to give someone to accepts hand-outs for a living my shit. 
shut up you dirty spic. 
lucas_spic 
a special xxxmass lesbian lapdance on spic'n spanish reloaded tv last friday between and 
check out and sky vlad of eros fyre on spic'n spanish reloaded tv last friday! 
people throw around the word nigga but you're going to get mad when someone else says spic 
english..crap..says bones no shape crazy with spic 
alright spic ur dead 
fuck u spic 
and also lot of castles, 
spic blocking drive.. have a spic....gross high hip bone playing with. clit...stroking penis never been arrested 
yummy! dark brown colour, eggnog honey aroma, good balance of spic... 
hablo whatever the fuck ur saying spic" old lady at italian food market 
i've been called i'm hispanic, i've been called lover" cause my cousins are black. what makes us different from y'all? 
probably the least racist person on the planet" donald ask any nigger, spic, chink, dego or rag head. they love me!!!!" 
lol are you fuken kidding me? this spic doesn't know what sport he's coaching lololololololololololololololololololololololol 
talk to me like shit i'll leave in the middle of the job and you can finish it yourself you fuckin spic 
yo he killed that 
my 100% hispanic mother called me a spic, i'm not really sure how she thought that was going to insult me. 
might want to learn a little history about this church. i lived it. friend on sunday nigger and spic on monday! 
spic 
great deals on cleaning supplies at target this week, as low as get your house all spic and span for... 
when auto correct turns my last tweet spic as 
thanks spic 
i didn't think what i did was right you dumb spic kill yourself 
hahahahahahahaha cut my grass spic i can't take the ignorance i'm just gonna be racist take ur family back to mexico 
awsm...getting pic fm rly stns all ovr india...ur effort has paid off..spic n span stns...kudos 
hi you spic spanish 
celebration cake all-purpose flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda, apple pie spic 
fantastic ideas to help your children learn to draw" 
brands make sneakers" 
photography in back alleys" 
working in a spanish classroom and i don't speak spanish 
spic bowl lives again! 
fucking spic. go back to mcdonalds. 
im that spic in your life.. 
so marquis is on daddy duties while i go to work. i swear if this place ain't spic and span when i get home so help me god 
