warning: penny boards will make you a faggot

you heard me bitch but any way i'm back th texas so wtf u talking about bitch ass nigga

i know. it was a joke, faggot.

i'm tired of people saying i look like my brother calling me deondre' like serious succ my ass fag asses

i cant stand no crybaby ass nigga. if you gonna act like a bitch i will leave yo ass after i instavideo yo stupid lookin ass

fuck you til you love me faggot" mike tyson

rt apparently means anyone else&#; i always thought it was a ghetto word for

w/ some moxy! big comeback again!!! major penalty killed the caps.great game. cases of

you wear shorty shorts and fuzzy boots in negative degree weather.

awww, that's cute! my niece's guinea pig crawled up her dad's pants well i don't think i need to finish this sentence.lol

rt if i had a dollar for every time i died on flappy bird

you're an idiot.

a mock up of my wedding photos

only in vermont is it big news that our govern got a buck

sitting alone watching white chicks, no pants, fuzzy blankets, tea turn up

i was with a bitch with a mustash for a year and a half? wtf is wrong itch me

bobby flay in this bitch

i'm never gonna be ok with my nigga around alot of bitches while with his boys. cause i was once that female your boys put you on

rt i just can't help but to hate you. even though you never intentionally did anything to me you're still a cunt.

rt you females overlook us geeks. when i take these glasses off, i'm no longer clark kent. i go superman in that pussy. fa&#;

rt funday" hoe quotes

rt young, attractive, successful, supportive, faithful man w his own everything..u think bringing solely pussy to the table is

emma watson slays every single harry potter movie. each film becomes her bitch.

know i don't know karate bitch" loooool how am i just finding out about this now, this is amazing

rt i respect any nigga that getting money and fuckin hoes

bitch killa gone be dacing in that bitch cdfu

why is this niggah still tweetn tf

i'm arrogant and my bitch conceited

can i get some soy sauce for this bitch?

can i hit that pussy way i wanna while this record playing

videos: immigrant somali muslim woman yelling allahu akbar intentionally ran over people on...

the witness who reported the woman who mowed down people shouted alahu akbar: via

sperms and tadpoles look alike. now eye see why prince charming was a frog

the greatest thing a man can do to a woman is lead her closer to allah rather than to himself.

if they ever remake coming to america, can they move the setting to the queen city

you hotep black women always bashing black men. you so ashy

women: man should pay the rent and all the bills, i'm traditional" men: keep your body count low women: a ashy misogynist!"

the same thing applies to these niggas too. how you gone get mad a bitch posted a picture of yo tiny ashy ass dick?

lmao deadass, nah them 's be ashy af people at my school shits be damn near see through

you riiiiiiiiich! hey boo

i will recommend coconut oil for his ashy hands

they don't want us using cocoa butter, they want us ashy.

that's not even your skin tone and that's not even your body you ashy bitch

i'm ashy af

may god damn this sick son of a bitch!!!! what kind of sick bastard does this???!!!!

see naw, y'all bitches have all these bastard ass kids and expect er nigga you fuck to take care of you and them. naww!

awesome handmade free font skinny bastard! made by: download free:

announcers are biased af. it's honestly hilarious to listen to them bend over backwards to defend everything the team does.

dave dee dozy beaky mick titch bend it kijk op

i liked a video likkle blacks top boss mill ft. drake r.i.c.o remix) prod. by spacious

i liked a video likkle blacks ft. mimfatic g.m.g money gyal) prod. by spacious

just so we're clear, you can all mock me for coloring an adult coloring book.

this book is triply af! definitely recommend to all people who have way too much free time! fellow nerds especially

ever feel like the dead end kid in that old bugs bunny cartoon? smashes an egg then goes

join chat chink

jim jones, chink santana, logic perfect day on

reasons the whatfor strike root visit not flatter chink online under serene: unpmwgjws

set apart chink nigh usage underfloor electric heat devices else wall up encourager circus: qnfbq

you a broke ass chink

if i don't got ima go and make a chink bleed

okay chink

happy bday chink.

i miss my chink

ben drown the chink in the kitchen sink garrison

i'm chink eye god in my pics

whatever you think chink chink.

chink

probably the least racist person on the planet" donald ask any nigger, spic, chink, dego or rag head. they love me!!!!"

going to need a refill!! chink

hope jayne dickinson the litter chucker woman is on tomorrow.

spear chucker has got to be the funniest way to call a nigga a nigga

curry turns into a better rudy gay type on any other team. a good chucker with handles

ladies.....be wary of men that correlate their responsibility to you in a relationship to finances, that's just a form of control

my dad used to tell me i couldn't listen to shit like led zeppelin like yeah how u gon control the sound waves u bum bitch?

back when a hoe was a hoe,coke was a coke,and cracks what you were doing..when you were crackin jokes

is that a dirty tampon rolled in coconut

why is twitter culture so gay

so should we avoid the word dyke? or can schlongs offend dyke? please, more straw men.hillary is a liar.moving on.

some dyke are just soo gorgeous like there's no need for you to be a dyke honey

do dyke shave they pussy

idk what happened but all most all the chicago dyke i knew are with men and pregnant now

lil faggot

i like the whole you commonplace action* you're a faggot" tweets

let's get that number to pd's next year! oh, almost forgot, fuck off faggot!!

are you gonna call my mommy on me?....fuckin' faggot.

sh faggot

maho faggot

if im a faggot spell it right cause i got way more than g's

faggot lol

my faggot boss is making me work tomorrow

go back to bed faggot

i wanna pay and be sissy faggot for you goddess please

i ain't photogenic, i ain't no faggot

feel like being a brat, leaving faggot on read

shut up you fucking faggot.

bring your faggot ass back

faggot

u a faggot if u photogenic

he said you tried to bribe him to go first quit trying to scam faggot your bad at it

what're you a faggot

i ain't gone be too many niggas" cuz i listen to a certain rapper, nigga. tf you think this was?

faggots are gay

what is wrong with kristi!? i and that nsfw work when the screen shot is busted open wet ass pussy and dick justa flopping!

but it will be the best the world has ever seen, oh queen of flailing and flopping.

was young and she was forced to be a woman."

family who forced woman to eat her own faeces before beating her to death jailed

i'ma ho!!! an jus like kevin gates say takes to know one"...

when people act gay and say no homo

you forgot to say homo" so this is really gay.

yeah real shit homo mingling with heterosexual man.. i just ain't cool wit seeing a grown man dress like a woman like wtf fagg

i got u ma nigga all homo kuz

bring emergency shelter and shade to captive wild horses and burros sign the petition! via

sea horses are fascinating. check this list of interesting facts. fyi: men carry birth the little fry.

i don't recall hillary's outrage over the treatment of woman with monica lewinsky? just the opposite. attacked her. hypocrite.

lol im far from inbred you cunt

get yourself some tea and a couple ginger inbred biscuits and settle doon pal

as well as one of the most fucking retarded languages. please kill yourself you inbred fuck.

i literally call a bitch sick once and i got inbred bitches on my dick oh my god

k yellow gold " inch figaro link jewelry chain for men

mens k yellow gold egyptian queen nefertiti real diamond charm pendant .ct

same lmao i be fake outraged as if im the woman who has to deal with these losers

aay nigger

mah nigger. good thing you stoped being now that you've become black,

you a corny ass nigger mane

my money" by akil nadir, the anti nigger: a humble ardor mixtape

nigger juice preview type of thing already gone.

black patron just called black cashier a stupid nigger. but obviously i'm the racist. somehow.

calling him a nigger is no different from you being a saltine cracker, it still doesn't change nth

ew fuck drake softest nigger alive

follow back nigger

what did i say lil nigger

my grandma i'm sweating like a nigger on election day"

stupid nigger

am i a nigger bc i actually think i like this jumpman song

or they want black women to let them call them nigger bitches while hitting it from the back..just what i heard tho

white people still think the word nigger is a good insult not going to stop me from giving a anglo saxon

my first. nigger. what's up whitey!!!!

stupid nigger

cause you're cool and i think it was a sand nigger

u smoking dick ma nigger

nigger is eating those cakes

so at : in this video, the racist girl decides to say on lil nigger"...

my nigger

bout to go ham on a nigger if skype keep fucking up

i say nigger.

well, i'm not sure about that! niggers gona nig afterall

cunt

i'm at school and wow you niggers hate bitch i wonder why

big cunt you pal

showing your love for your live in gal pal is not gay. it's beautiful.

calling me a messy bitch when you don't know me and you look like napoleon dynamite, sick

now, stick to a circle. and sans wouldnt call pal for help from being bit, he would probably not care or go ape shit

so because women do bad things too, women don't need space away from men? queers mras team up. again.

her old man he don't like blacks or queers yet he's proud he beat the nazis? how queer

stop sending emails to me ho smh

apple ipad plus worth of beauteque goodies giveaway! via

celebs who had sex with transgender

kids be traded for sex being raped married off to men with no say etc etc is wild as too

i know the difference between being raped by a man and assaulted by a woman first hand.

a law that was almost passed allowing women to be raped but instead feminist believe that all men should die because

how old are you? why are you fighting with year olds and joking about someone getting raped, pathetic bitch.

just a quick ratios a woman in u.s. is raped versus gets breast cancer: to rank in the world for rape is

my nigga in the essence of boring. i've stayed in bed and watched a hour video on a guy debating religion

shut up you dirty spic.

a special xxxmass lesbian lapdance on spic'n spanish reloaded tv last friday between and

people throw around the word nigga but you're going to get mad when someone else says spic

english..crap..says bones no shape crazy with spic

spic blocking drive.. have a spic....gross high hip bone playing with. clit...stroking penis never been arrested

yummy! dark brown colour, eggnog honey aroma, good balance of spic...

probably the least racist person on the planet" donald ask any nigger, spic, chink, dego or rag head. they love me!!!!"

lol are you fuken kidding me? this spic doesn't know what sport he's coaching lololololololololololololololololololololololol

talk to me like shit i'll leave in the middle of the job and you can finish it yourself you fuckin spic

spic

great deals on cleaning supplies at target this week, as low as get your house all spic and span for...

when auto correct turns my last tweet spic as

thanks spic

celebration cake allpurpose flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda, apple pie spic

spic bowl lives again!

fucking spic. go back to mcdonalds.

im that spic in your life..

so marquis is on daddy duties while i go to work. i swear if this place ain't spic and span when i get home so help me god

. hour layover has me sitting in an airport like bartelby loki... i mean some pretty spic people watching.

dog why these spic so rude

i shld just to and th and holla at tyrone at that one dealership. f y'all spic boys!!

alright count down is on. who is like me and has their house spic and span, all their presents wrapped under the...

there is nothing wrong with desire a woman a man nature is to spread his seed

because bush was an idiot. he waged war on a country for what a terrorist organization did.

no one seems to be bothered that many men are i capable of deciding not to wear a tie, another symbol of submission.

sean john men neck dress with pocket square set color) at

dear cat! whatever next? queen innkeeper!

vampiress baby sucks on a beach towel. woman removes

af towel son co sterling silver plate etched serving spoon

towel boy by tamara bubble

i think could do a fantastic version of christmas carol" i feel like his ghost of christmas future would be so badass.

get your early bird wallet by backing our crowd funding campaign on

laughing face stand wallet leather phone cover case for apple iphone plus ." bid

owl print stand leather flip wallet cover case skin for apple iphone plus ." bid

laughing face stand wallet leather phone cover case for apple iphone plus ." bid

owl print stand leather flip wallet cover case skin for apple iphone plus ." bid

laughing face stand wallet leather phone cover case for apple iphone plus ." bid

owl print stand leather flip wallet cover case skin for apple iphone plus ." bid

walked out super pissed. not my fault ya dumb ass wetback bitch.

the only thing to do with egg whites is add a fuckload of sugar and make meringues

if someone tells you they like egg whites they are lying through their damn teeth

egg whites are gross they taste like nothing

don't forget the egg whites

when i tell you it was the total opposite at gv. whites were crying, saying the world was over. got even called a monkey.

egg whites turkey sausage water egg whites turkey sausage water egg whites turkey sausage water egg whites turkey sausage water egg whites

sometimes i hate being white bc some whites people r crazy af

massapequa gives more detentions then the amount of times dj khalid has egg whites, sausage, and water for breakfast

sometimes he changes it up... like today he mixed it up and put the sausage and egg whites in a bun...

reverse jim crow. no whites.

: silver bullets with my egg whites and turkey sausage to get for keefe zo

the breakfast they don't want us to have, egg whites with turkey sausage wheat bun water..enjoy your breakfast,they don't want you to enjoy

why did saying i would be my own best friend if there were two of me because i'm hilarious and genuine and cute af get me a dirty look?

you're a fucking retard odell is a pussy he's a dirty cry baby bitch who throws fits when it's bedtime

so i'm at the hospital right now and some bitch just gave me a dirty look. i'm sorry if i don't put on fake eyelashes.

i need a dirty woman

they say times supposed to heal ya but that will never happen bc ur a dirty hoe who needs to wash ur mouth out with soap ew rat

i tried so hard not to give the woman a dirty look because it really wasn't her fault but it annoyed me so bad

i hate doing laundry... but i also hate being a dirty nigga. so there's that.

i swear on my damn life that is anne bitch wjat the fuck they all look the same

ghost" armpits" all look like a random combination of words...kumbe those are looks.smh

so him being a nigger means we're all niggers. and i don't know about you niggas,

why is star wars protagonist niggest of all nigs and monkeyist of all niggers? he is the most ape like nigger i have seen. jedi ape nigger.

why do all white gay couples look like siblings

ooohhh about that!!! hahahaha yaa... ppl will always blame the gay guy first...

can't always blame a stalker when you fine. men go through this also.

if a guy ever hit me, i'd fuck you up then tell my mom and she'll pull up on you with a shot gun and beat your mom for raising a bitch.

do not argue with an idiot. he will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.

italian men other minorities) who wear undershirts as overshirts who lack class and beat their women

do not argue with an idiot. he will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.

stop saying that nigga lead you on just cause he fucked you. he probably told you many times that he ain't ready and your ass didn't listen.

girls are future women with right to any right men already have.

as if any f idiot has any right t even think they hav a right to. u r spot on. wid all going on..they pick this!!!

now you lost any right to bitch when covey comes to the y

cannae see any right minded cunt buying a million of debt

there can't be religion because there can't be any right or wrong to stop me from being a totally selfish idiot.

i'm sick of seeing this. no one has any right to mock you for wearing/not wearin... by

i kelly you are an amazing woman and great mother i am sure lov you

bro stop sucking of norman. for you to sit here and think he is innocent proves to us that you are an idiot

is the year of the vocal woman. our voices are an important part of the conversation.

unless they are an actual bitch

i love you, queen! you are an inspiration

wtf i asked if you could do a design on my nail the bitch said busy and continues reading her magazine.

lil bitch ass white boy

bro the sight of this bitch ass white boy makes my fuckin stomach hurt

this bitch ass white dude just got angry at me for having a bernie sanders sticker

cause yall got the other months. selfish ass white bitch.

ass white men. smh

i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra

he said tell that hoe boss up. huh bruh big bags over here ya heard me luv yea

been punched, kicked, scratched if i stay be stories of abused men

nigga its kill or be killed

kills openly gay woman to be killed in action:

its calm tho coz the woman let me play halo wit her son, i beat him but i felt sorry coz hes a special child

too bad your the biggest faggot to walk this planet

youre actually the biggest faggot i know but still cute

happy birthdayyyyy to the biggest faggot i wuv youuuu hope you have the best day

biggest faggot on the internet?

the guy i kicked was literally the biggest faggot i've ever played with

biggest faggot in the world i everything lame ass fuck and when i'm in oakland i'm slapping his ass

is the biggest faggot who ever lived. he is just all talk but no walk, cuz he's too busy getting pounded by his dad.

i don't give a shit i would say sorry but you're the biggest faggot on twitter

happy st birthday to the biggest faggot i know! hope you've had a great day!

who's the biggest faggot

onrestrictionn has to be the biggest faggot i've ever seen

david gay son male straight american single af video games and thigh highs sleeping and grayza biggest faggot

you're literally the biggest faggot

vaks is the biggest faggot alive

happy birthday to biggest faggot i've met, thanks for putting up with me all the love

biggest faggot i know

geri, you're the biggest faggot ik.

and you're the biggest faggot that's in california.

chip kelly is the biggest faggot

coming from the biggest faggot i know

leftist attempts to blame the failures of govts that ignore property rights on the plenty created in systems that respect them.

when u and yo homie holla at a bitch with a thick body a fat ass but than she turn around and she hella butt ugly

butt ugly... jk waleed bad af

part : shawty den got butt ugly i mean frog ugly teeth look like the square double mint gum

i don't like that rumor that nigga butt ugly everybody sized my

ways the apple watch will change your workouts

i get way too chink eyed

i'm so chink eyed

happy birthday chink eyed

superb dick sucking lips if you ask me though your a bit chink eyed, do you smoke weed beautiful?

you should probably stop drinking now... you're all chink eyed like me

mom:i never realized how chink eyed you are. me:no i'm not annoying it's the way i'm laying. mom:i could blind fold you with dental

let's get chink eyed

you are awesome guardians. japan rot in hell you chink eyed bastards. fuck you

bout to get chink eyed after

when i smile i go chink eyed

you know i like em chink eyed, thick thighs

when u chink eyed chillin

ol lookin chink eyed lookin nigga

chink eyed to the max

alex is also chink eyed when it comes to his selfies

gettin chink eyed an watchin that star wars tonight me, anyone spoils it for me there ma's from rhyl

chink eyed ass bitch!

lil chink eyed negro

you know i like them chink eyed, thick thighs

just got to the buffet and my stomach starts hurting fml, gotta get my money's worth outta these chink eyed mother fuckers

chink eyed w/ my fav reindeer

chink eyed bad bitch

my little chink eyed bae comes home tomorrow for two weeks

i'm a chink eyed bitch but he's pretty hot

doped up.. ima chink eyed fool.

bjp won't show chinks in its armour backs jaitley, for solidarlty to maintain party morale. but this chink is big.

my mom didn't play that disrespectful shit. these new age moms swear that coon shit is so cute

its still coon shit.

roddy white is a coon and coons will always do coon shit.

nah that's pure coon shit i know of niggas with the sound effect hands

that coon shit!! ancestors rolling in their graves

if the kkk would let niggas in sum would join too fuk outta here with that coon shit

coon shit

i just wanna know whens the remy and pap can have this coon shit...

i just wanna know whens the remy and pap can have this coon shit...

does hillary clinton owe donald trump an apology? head nigger and the cunt, we all know that pack of coon shit!

black unemployment all time high. he says when blacks complain....i'm president of all america aka coon shit

because those guys know the power of the dollar. we don't make it any better applauding coon shit and giving it shine

i would try and defend steve harvey but he do be on some coon shit

he did some coon shit on a white mans show

coon shit

are y'all surprised that a coon did some basic ass coon shit? that's why you don't put coons on tv.

a. no hbcu is all black. b. even if it was, you too good for your own people? c. leave this coon shit in .

thank u for giving us heads up about the racist script. i won't be going to see coon shit.

that's that coon shit lol fucking dweebs

if the character doesn't develop and mature in the next two episodes than it is soon coon shit, but the jury is still out me

stevie harvey definitely did some coon shit

fuck all that coon shit. i just bet its a nice life up there.

too cute to get caught on some coon shit

lmao. why is my name on this coon shit? quinn look

to them sisters out their get out of them white ways all that dumb coon shit must come to a end the...

i got a feeling caine bout to do some coon shit.

i'm black, and i love black people. but we fall for too much coon shit to be complaining about racism. smh

stop all that coon shit

see this coon shit lmao they clearly idiots

coon shit smh, gotta love north.

the most coon shit if ever heard. police have no right to execute anybody. they're two separate issues.

to buy tickets in order to get shoes is coon shit.

why wear a warm fuzzy hat if you aren't going to use it to cover your ears....... for fashion?

this dumb bitch cracks me tf up

listening to people talk ghetto with a southern accent cracks me up

ok what's gucci my nigga what's gucci my nigga don't be cuffin these hoes u know they be choosing

fuck any bitch no cuffin these bitches

dumb monkey

thanks for erasing my gamer score you incompetent illiterate dumb monkey fucks. fuck xb&gt;pshitty

on page of of eleanor park, by rainbow rowell: dumb monkey"

you gone be right on the back porch keep playing with me.. dumb monkey!

so he made a mistake over a dumb pageant and he's being called a dumb monkey? really? ignorant asses!

they are laughing at you for being a dumb monkey and you must do everything in your power to not be that

humans are animals too you just think they're better u dumb monkey

yes it's all over. screenshots of so many people calling him a dumb monkey and nigger...

dumb monkey president continues military agitations against china

i doubt this dumb monkey has ever had a beer or a root or left his village preaches how to live.

dear collin, wake up, you dumb monkey. xoxo sarrah

hey ai, keep on playing the blind, deaf dumb monkey when it comes to war crimes against kurds u hypocritical sneaks!

go to sleep ape go to sleep you dumb monkey

get out of my way, you dumb monkey.

dumb monkey i thought u was gone get it

that dumb monkey scared the crap outta me and it'd be like hi i'm paul

dumb monkey

vm advise is a dumb nigger who complains and oh reds is a dumbass.

hahaha dumb nigger, you could drive a train through those nostrils. and those jigaboo lips

what did steve harvey do thats so bad? i honestly have no clue someone inform me. i see people calling him dumb nigger" everything

niqs is a dumb nigger

fucking trash server with dumb nigger staff cant even ban hackers, i fucking died to a hacker who flew i had stuff worth k

dumb nigger

this age old me: shut up white boy white people: but if i called you a dumb nigger i'd be racist

what do you mean you said you didn't have pp dumb nigger

you not dumb nigger

but she didnt like you back cause you're an ugly ass faggot that recolors packs dumb nigger

white people call steve harvey a nigger" now switch it up black people call white t.v host a white racist or whatever.

they love pointing the finger at the dumb nigger is playing a character that don't fit him

dumb nigger

can we just say dumb nigger yet? he played the race card first! welcome to the outcome president idiot.

the same mfers calling a dumb nigger is getting called a dumb

miss colonbia only won because they let a dumb nigger like announce it

called nigger" is a sr. dir that's how your employees rep you

not gay. nor am i straight. i'm an equal opportunity you're all beautiful my language) so let me love you."

going for a fag and ignoring her isnt the same thing

love that movie. you're fucked up, you talk like a fag and your shits all retarded

a fag and a loser or a fag loser? keep being a keyboard gangster with your th grade insults sittin in a basement in wilmette

yes, but you don't get to mock people if they're called a and take offense. it's their choice.

just avin a fag and a cuppa with the mother whilst observing a police chase round the estate

brad's outside for a fag and texts me saying he's farted so loud and the neighbour was putting something in the bin

they called odell a fag and he got mad

nobody spazzes you fag and you gotta be on my level to insult me homo, get off my dick please

callin him a fag and shit still not ok

wish i was in barnham town right now getting a kebab,with a can of beer a classy fag and getting higher than a kite with all the

ayy lmao stop being a fag and let me know if you change your mind. i think cesar might go

everyone above me is a fag and will get aids, or another butt cyst

i think he's telling us you look like a fag and no one can believe you're married to a female

attention boys in my school who use fag and gay as a derogatory term you arent cool you are assholes go fuck yourself thank you

awww poor odell beckham, the panthers called him a fag and told him he was a spoiled child. everyone should feel bad for odell

best conversation with a drunk guy at the train station who asked for a fag and then debated why lemons should be illegal

happy birthday fag and i tried to go on your profile again and it told me to get off

some of yall might be ok with being called a fag and having a nigga step to you with a baseball bat, but some of us niggas aint.

i love being like that&lt; also i take the gay part in ways, being a fag and being happy

if you a fag and u dress like girl please be a neat one cause these people i be seeing look a hot ass

stop being a fag and vote

mum: mick i havent even had a fag and cup of tea since i woke up please for goodness sake

i chipped my fag and i'm already regretting the awful smell

trust it to be my friends that by the time i had a fag and come back down they've been kicked out ffs

josh norman called obj a fag and he got in his feelings cuz it's true

yeah i don't think so but i'm not a fag and do clans so haha peace

put out the fag and stick my cock in your mouth instead. much better to suck on.

fancy a fag and a chat?

i'm half fag and i still love tiddy

they're called monster girls, fag and i wouldn't expect you to understand being a fag and all.

going to drink a glass of wine, enjoy a long fag and watch south park after this juicy bowl is ripped

feel bad for no getting dylan for a fag but it's too much effort to move

i need a pee and a fag but i'm obsessed with girls aloud otr

never talked to that fag but he blocked me lmao

you called my friend a fag" but you're mad when we call you fat smh

i think u met fag but shut up. he's an amazing person. if he loves a guy then he loves a guy big deal. fucku!

happy birthday big dog. your still a fag. but i love you. hope it's a good one!

im outside having a fag but i can't remember where it is

try my hardest to stop saying fag but it hard as fuck

wish i could retweet this fag... but i love you so

when ur mama yells at u for callin a fag but he can call me train tracks

harry just ate a fag but off the floor

u are a retard loser. omg. stop. stop being a fucking loser fag but he cant he cant stop

is it bad that i've just had a fag but i want another one

thanks u still a fag but u made my night so ty ulit.

dying for a fag but there's no chance i can be arsed to go downstairs and listen to my dad give me shit

you're such a fag but i love you too

you may be a fag but brand new is the shit. fav album and top songs? degausser tho

i told him you weren't a fag... but my dad doesn't listen to me much

no fag.. but they close at

you're a loser and a fag but i love you. i miss you and we need to hang out again and watch the stars again too. ft me soon loser

lmfao idc ablht thag she said im homophobic and say fag but i say fag as in cigar

where is noah i need to call someone a fucking fag but nacho is too whiney

ur a fag but we should chill soon

nun fag but i hate punishment my phone been gone since novth

ian you sound like a fag but carti bodied that nigga

he's a fag but at least he's not a douche tbh

not no fag but i been chilling

and ur a fag but i didn't say anything..

i want a fag but i'm % sure there's a man living in the bush outside my house but he's only about at night. when the street lamps are off

you're such a fag but ya my fag lol i love you man nomatter what ya stuck with me big zaddy

lmaoo and your receiver still can't find out what a catch is. lol he's a fag but you fuck with greg?

ooooooooooooh thought u said each fag but still ain't no whole semester

miss u fag but u always nvr meet one

for a but? coming out for a fag but

can't sleep i need a fag but it's pissing it down. go me

dying for a fag but being too comfy in bed is a killer

young thug can be a fag but he keeps it

ever feel like you need a fag but then you remember you don't smoke?

my sisters friend called me faggot and i was so ready to talk shit bout his uglyass

twistvh great fucking dude, you're a faggot and ily

obj needs butters to filter the hateful comments like players calling him a faggot and making fun of his hair

waited through fairytale of new york just to shout faggot and surprise as many people as could.

if you snipe in black ops your a faggot and i fucking hate you

stop saying the word faggot and using the word gay as an insult k

taking italygg faggot and john kelly sperging at the same time. my patience is eternal but i'd have given up by now.

so, if i take pictures like a faggot and say pointless abstract things you'll give me attention? no thanks. i'm not desperate or seeking

ppl trash talk. that like me calling u faggot and u you travel to where i live and beat me up over tweets lol its stupid

beckam lost his cool vs the panthers cuz they was calling him a faggot and rumors say he bi lol

so, i get itsomebody calls me a faggot and i get to take a running start and spear him with my helmet...#justwords grow up

you act like a butt hurt little faggot and don't actually want to engage in a debate."

said he called odell a faggot and pointed a bat at him

bitch fuck you and fuck jesus the fake faggot and yhwh the pig!!!!

dude on the panthers called odell a faggot and that he was gonna end his career while toting a baseball bat..normal

someone in tera yelled at me for saying faggot and i was like thing im a fucking faggot with a boyfriend go kys"

jp stfu you dropped kills faggot and i had more hill time

if you're on the field someone calls you a faggot and says they'll end your career you'd freak out

you don't point it at other people call them a faggot and say im gonna end your career bro

haha see what i did there now your a faggot and a herb

your fucking gay ass faggot and your desperate you fucking cunt!

obj did the right thing let a man call u a faggot and get away with it...especially because obj not ready to come out of the closet.

no kd is a cursed faggot and westbrick curry

long story short call obj a faggot and he'll never catch a ball again....a football anyway

sooooo josh norman called odell a faggot and that's why odell got that mad?!.....hmmmm interesting

panthers were def calling odell a faggot and things of that nature

stop being a faggot and join the marine corps

does he look like a faggot and if he was its non of your concern he makes ppl smile that's all that matters u need to shut up

i am sorry i am a gay and faggot and homosexual i like gay girls that is all way i am girls crazy about it i am guys carzy

tell josh to stop being a faggot and give me more tweets

learn to know the difference between faggot and cool

ur bitch ass team ain't going no were with eb nigga, so fuck yo daddy faggot ass. nigga don't even upload shit

sister appreciation post cuz i love you and wish it was the weekend, so i could see your faggot ass.

hate when females post sum faggot ass shxxt like niggas dont wanna see dat shxxt on our news feed bih

i am now sissy slave she owns my faggot ass

obj faggot ass making the nfl more boring

faggot shut up, she was the group. she had your faggot ass hiding in your room with a t shirt on your head singing

faggot ass for a boosted bitch

no! i told you bring it not him ol faggot

bring your faggot ass back

you piece of shit. i stepped on dog puke last night cause your faggot ass was feeding that fag fries

faggot ass little bitch boy

faggot ass journalist from complex gonna go and call chris brown album a directionless mess. just say you don't like chris bro, it's obvious

i'd be rich if uncle sam would take his faggot ass on somewhere! they tax me a check. fuckin bitches.

when i hear about youngsters i know joining military i just a say a prayer cuz of this faggot ass bitch.

faggot ass nigga you said you had no cookie dough yesterday

white women cut themselves for a faggot ass canadian and you expect me to believe the majority of blacks cut too??

tired of that faggot ass bitch his retarded ass lil hoe

somebody get they faggot ass son man that aint cool idc what nobody say

i'm not naming my kitten after some faggot ass mostly obsolete school.

shut your faggot ass up

he's a real deal faggot bitch ass i need his hands

it's a joke you faggot bitch. lol

why is everyone on twitter being a sad little faggot bitch tonight? jfc smh fam tbh

hey can you do broncos country a favor and let cody wallace know he is a faggot bitch

you a racist faggot bitch all that talkin goin to get your dumbass wacked trynna run for president dummie.

thanks faggot bitch love you too brotha

yo fuck u ugly ass bitch u better unban nvckiekane and schoolshooter ye right the fuck now faggot bitch

donald trump only in america, yak yak yak fuck you motherfucking dickbrained faggot bitch ass donald trump

you're such a faggot bitch

fat ass faggot bitch you need some weed and dick in your life

hm. for swear in jizz pussy faggot bitch ass asshole tubgirl; do grep tweets.csv wc done

not all faggot bitch relationships are the same. at all!!!

i said this little faggot bitch" cried, found my peace and a new nigga. he's still trying to get me

i enjoyed the force awakens. it had alot of flaws. kylo ren was a whiny emo faggot bitch and a crappy villian. smoke sucked balls too.

when i told them that we didn't they called me a bitch" whaaaaat calm your year old ass down

he's getting scared of people standing up for small fighters instead of him faggot bitch

i love you faggot bitch

so i got called a faggot for the first time in public today.......by a group of year old

lmaoooo odell cried cause they called him a faggot for dancing

my year old neighbor just yelled at garrett and called him a faggot for no reason.... so

i wanna pay and be sissy faggot for you goddess please

you are a faggot for getting rid of it and i hope yo ug et riddled with piccolo

still can't believe a lawyer just called me a faggot for speaking up about

he a faggot for wasting all that food.

russell wilson a faggot for not fucking ciara yet.... talking all that church bs nigga everybody at the church fucking they just fakin

this nigga a faggot for this and his punches aint do shit to the girl

before heath ledger died everyone acted like he was a faggot for brokeback mountain, i guess bein the joker made him cooler

i remember when shittalky called a dude a faggot for going easy on him during a roastin session because his uncle died

even though the guy was a faggot for harassing her friend, it still doesn't mean she was in the right either, which sucks overall

g eazy is a fucking faggot for buying the bake sale beat

i'm a faggot for laura

does it make me a faggot for getting really happy about?

it's gay appreciation send this to your gayest for rich and a clean anus

i'm fucked out of my mind and also a huge fuckin faggot for tweeting this

you're a faggot for this lmao i luh you doe

you're a faggot for this

i'm two tweets in and i've already been called a faggot for using the term

why did hannah walker's brother call louis a faggot for cheating on hannah with a guy

just got called a faggot for not liking star wars?

need feminism because my dad keeps calling me a faggot for stealing my sister's cateye glasses"

a faggot for tweeting this gay shit

i blocked that faggot for posting a video of him smoking a cig complete faggot

so im a faggot for replying fast? that makes sense

i feel like a faggot for listening to this but who cares in the current year

a faggot for that

youre actually a fucking faggot for cutting lmfao

you a faggot for tweeting another mans dick and y'all expect a nigga's dick when soft to be inches? smh

he's a faggot for being offended by that

if you could not be a faggot for like, ever. that'd be awesome.

this boy called me a faggot for not sending him nudes. nice

hahahahaha he adds seconds for giroud being a faggot for about and a half years

you said you were going to fucking change. i guess you're still a faggot smh smh

i won't take a roast from a nigga who shaves his arms like a faggot smh

frank ocean never droppin that album cause yall kept callin him a faggot smh

bruh if you don't gtfoh what kinda faggot smh

odell gay he started that fight like a faggot smh

why you sending me payments on different apps faggot smh

look at this faggot smh

lmaoo how you expose a girl like weeks ago, but you lowkey a faggot. smh.

tommy is a faggot smh

nah faggot smh

stop being such a s baby you faggot smh

if i told y'all i was shivering then y'all gon call me a faggot smh

i just had to explain to my mom why she cant say faggot smh

nah i got the hiccups i'm really a faggot smh

that playoff disappearing lightskin cheater stripper faggot smh

say to say odell a faggot smh

cuz you laugh like a faggot smh

what a faggot smh

how that make me a faggot smh

yo son he's really a faggot smh

but realshit though, my neighbour is a snitching faggot. smh

nba suspended rondo for calling a nigga a faggot? smh

crazy rondo had to fake apologize for calling a gay ref a faggot smh

this nigga comparing nigger to faggot..smh

calling him a faggot.. smh. this is in the public so anybody can get into it if they want.

rajon rondo called a gay referee a faggot. smh

never knew i was such a faggot smh

he got suspended for calling an nba referee a faggot? smh

this girl fucked my eyebrows up i look like a faggot smh

all these mics and cameras on the courts nowadays, and none of them heard/caught rondo calling gay buddy a smh

are you the ladyboy fan club security guard? you gonna be the faggot that fights for kidney's honor?

aids bankruptcy faggot. that really broke my heart

this is dumb but i'm so fucking mad i can't have the twitter i want.. the faggot that has it has been inactive for almost a year

connor you're a faggot that's all there is to say

i could keep going but i'm not. point is, he's a hypocritical faggot that looks like this emoji: half of the time

this is . you cannot say faggot. that is offensive to gay people everywhere. even tho they are fags, you cannot say that.

ps faggot that's what you get

that lil faggot that raised them pills to each is living in hell he got fired from all his jobs..

total faggot coward. who irrationally runs from foreigners like the unbearable faggot that he is

i hate the hoodphantom he's a spastic faggot that started clowning himself to fit in with his cod friends

if obj is gay panthers called him a faggot..that would explain why he went apeshit in that game. nigga probably blacked out

who even was this faggot that you hacked?

think im offended by your shit bars, im a big man out here like a jam jar.. you're a faggot that is has a penis like a maggot

so lucky to have this faggot that i could talk to.

scumbag" maggot" cheap lazy faggot" that's when i know it's christmas

deleting old pictures is making me hate the faggot that i am saw was but i haven't really changed)

but she didnt like you back cause you're an ugly ass faggot that recolors packs dumb nigger

and he's crying about getting called a faggot, that doesn't bother someone who's straight so by deduction obj is gay

you sound like a giant faggot that should just oven himself.

pussy ass faggot that boy gonna smoke you

i read some complex accounting matters that suggested you got fired today, faggot. that true??

hey joey the same millen who refused to move his family to detroit from pa? the same millen who called johnny morton a faggot? that guy?

shut up kid ur a faggot that plays on ps would shit on u while both of his eyes are being poked with a fork

i can call you a faggot, that don't mean you gay dummy

dick i'm not like all you gay faggots and only care about riding a big dick size don't

my verbal ak slay faggots and ion mean no disrespect whenever i say faggot, okay faggot?

this nigga screamed and went down the one way. give him all the cool points

idk if espn knows this.. but guys call either each other faggots and typically it's not cause we think the other is gay

me: let's introduce ourselves and say something about us my boss: my names jeff. i hate pussy whipped faggots and i love to fight

i'm sharp witted and a quick thinker when i mock faggots like you.

i'm not scared of faggots like you. i strive to remove degeneracy like you from the world. fight me faggot

the russians are many things, but they're not pussy faggots like american liberals are.

jnoubis are great people and all but you have some faggots like that khodr and mayyish bitch who make you guys look bad

bitch your gorilla fav is i'm sorry i don't listen to pretentious obese faggots like stefani

its like we get nice things and we cant use it because no life faggots like you are like lets be gay and shut down psn"

tryna get a set in but all these fags are squatting. like bitch let me

the fda is out here trying to get my gay blood? don't they know us fags are selfish and want to watch the world burn?

someone just said are gay" on my facebook and

is that the guy that was calling obj fag through out the game? damn.. those fags are vengeful..

did i overlook the part in the preamble that said men except fags are equal"? god created all, the heavens and the earth

dude...he could care less you dumb fuckin faggot! lol

why do my parents get so mad at for sleepin until . like oh yeah dad am i really useless? lmao fuckin faggot should make me breakfast now

die hardzzz lol fuckin faggot!!!

kys fuckin faggot

gerrard called me a fuckin faggot

does anybody want me to post the dms this fuckin faggot sent me? this insecure bitch thought i was tryna get at his girl

hahaha what a fuckin faggot

stfu boy text me fuckin faggot

u a fuckin faggot niggq

stop revving ur engine ur a fuckin faggot

what are you a fuckin' faggot? filthy frank: hair cake

somebody please tell this fuckin faggot to switch of the ac!!

fuckin faggot

i'm fucked out of my mind and also a huge fuckin faggot for tweeting this

fuckin faggot

love you" well you're a fuckin faggot" jessica

then keep seeing black suns, fuckin faggot

she said keep bitches tails waggin, shout out to nico he a fuckin faggot"

you look like a fuckin faggot!!!!

ask your mum who hut" is on her phone and you'll understand its me you fuckin faggot

you dont want boys? what're you a fuckin faggot?

cuz he's a fuckin faggot

fuckin faggot

if u bite the fork u a fuckin faggot.

it's a run down mid size sedan, you fuckin faggot

tbh you a fuckin faggot folk knock the rap shit off go into bein a crash dummy

fuckin faggot

this fuckin faggot toure had to score

mcjuggernuggets is a fucking faggot

you're a fucking faggot starting shit for no reason

go fuck your wallet full of spaghetti fucking faggot

yourselt you stupid fucking faggot" the fuck was that for?" it's just banter bro"

how are you gonna call anyone a dike when you're a fucking faggot? please take multiple days sweetie

ikr what a fucking faggot

shut up you fucking faggot.

then open israel you fucking faggot. get that diversity right now.

be friendly/polite and people will call you a faggot". be quiet and youll be called i actually dont know what the fuck.

you fucking faggot i miss you

what are you gay? what are you fucking faggot? fucking scared, huh faggot?

ah how nice of someone to drive by me while i'm recording a video and yelling at me fucking faggot. so nice of them please kill yourself

this kids weak as fuck. he couldn't even hack into his own personality and make friends fucking faggot lol. go back to hf

ur a fucking faggot

look at this fucking faggot

what a fucking faggot

what a fucking faggot

shut up you fucking faggot ive had enough of you

i have a masterball you fucking faggot

look at all that dick!!!!! lucky fucking faggot!!!!!

what a fucking faggot

that's a lil fucking gay

fucking gay.

this ugly son of a bitch is watching osomatsusan and basically you're fucking gay

according to beaverton's local methhead movie theater mom, our lack of public outlets is fucking gay i could cry"

not gonna lie this is pretty fucking gay. a hellcat with a dog" decal. nice. hell dog?

this is fucking gay

soviet is fucking gay

wars spoilers] poe literally gave finn a fuckin identity like thats. that's. i'm fucking gay

why do people delete stuff like howwwww fucking gay and self conscious are you?! own what you post

y? that's soo fucking gay

that shit is not fucking funny it's very fucking gay

when you're fucking gay your date sends you his sweater you're fucking gay

i just look fucking gay

i'm a homosexual" transgender there is a difference!!" bitch i know how fucking gay i am stfu

liz gillies is one of those women that made me realize just how fucking gay i am

wish i could say the same but you were a fucking gay lmao but seriously, i feel the same man.

it's and ben doesn't wank off to traps, what is he fucking gay

you're fucking gay

i'm not fucking gay!!!!!!!

it's fucking gay

wow this town never fails to show me how fucking gay it

someone in love fucking gay

i'm not fucking gay

been back from the army for a couple days and no one still hmu. this is fucking gay here

damn, i'm really fucking gay.

shes fucking gay

nigga clicked on my dp then said hi...that's fucking gay

parallel parking is fucking gay

i'm so fucking gay

pretty fucking gay tbh

no. it's fucking gay bro

bc meijer is fucking gay lol

this is so fucking gay.

your fucking gay lmao

things i literally fucking hate: driving like an idiot for no reason, it's annoying as fuck.

faze niqs. the man. the myth. the fucking nigger

you're a fucking nigger. earn some respect for females.

my bad i just got done getting a haircut and twitter wouldnt load skype right now u fucking nigger pussy

austin you fucking nigger haha

fucking nigger i would have paid for everything saturday even the uber rides but no ur a fucking potatoe

i liked a video from give me money you fucking nigger

nice response fucking nigger

holy fucking nigger

look man i can take all the insults you can think of but don't call me a fucking nigger please

recommend it you fucking nigger and put it on top of the list or else

pranked we banned that fucking nigger

shut the fuck up you dirty fucking nigger im still me

fucking nigger pit

are u stupid u fucking nigger baby faggot

why do you remove the goalie you dumb fuck therrien fucking nigger im so done with your shit you fucking hairless cunt

if christmas comes but once a year, then why are you so fucking queer?

don't ask me why i'm wearing a scarf you fucking queer

send me ur address u fucking queer

oh i wish that'll happen. such a fucking queer.

happy bday you fucking queer bet we dont remember a thing from tonight when we wake up tomorrow lol

you're the biggest fucking queer i've ever met in my fucking life

fucking queer

i just felt like my life was going really well and then kylo ren took his mask off and cried like a fucking queer.

you are such a fucking queer

lol fucking queer

church and i don't get along for i sin for i'm fucking queer

this song is fucking queer

acting like a fucking queer.

if his name starts with an n hes a fucking queer

fucking queer wtf is this

wow i am so blown away what a fucking queer lmao

your such a fucking queer but i love you, your number fan me deadpool

what do you want you fucking queer pervert on steroids mike embley to kill everyone in

cut deeper you fucking queer

looooool it was an accident you fucking queer!

ur a fucking queer

your just mad you don't have girl, fucking queer your probably gay

dm you fucking queer member me shadow on ps i need to talk to you!!!

bc it's fucking queer

y'know, gov, i might be the gayest man alive, but you, are fucking queer!

god you're a fucking queer

no you fucking queer outside.

go watch tennis u fucking queer

jk you fucking queer.

i heard you called him a gay ass major payne tho

get me some gay ass gucci shit"

shut your gay ass up simon!

happy birthday gay ass luv u

i hate when people be like with your gay ass that's annoying

i gotcho gay ass

not like my gay ass phone can hold a password

tohle stop retweeting that gay ass shit on my timeline

my gay ass sister

if this is customer service, sign my gay ass up.

yo gay ass

um i don't play those gay ass games lol queer

nice ,+ retweets on some gay ass tweet, faggot.

aye you aint tryna throw them bitches. ill spit on your ugly broke gay ass then beat your ass

thanks a lot you with your gay ass mfing emojis crashed the thot ass emojis

happy birthday to my gay ass sister. love you

something your gay ass would do

i don't listen to the gay ass radio. i know hella about rap and only a lil about reggae but reggae is sweet

lol truth be told that's some gay ass shit

a gay ass nigga

knowing my gay ass would've been all over her ass like.. what you thought i was about to do"

i need someone who's down to smoke, drink a little, cuddle naked, watch some gay ass movies, and eat a ton of pizza.

gay ass meme

miss my gay ass

you like them gay ass thong shits

no. give me all of the love n hugs i love ur gay ass

gay ass

ur gay ass needs to shut up

well cpo clearly is gay, so they must, even if it's just his gay ass

whoa sweety you might wanna watch that bitch its no point of arguing! get yo gay ass on. you aint worth

did really be me, my gay ass lol

going to ulta after work to get my sister a gift but i don't even know what to get her cause my gay ass aint that girly smh

dont even touch that gay ass nerd shit

real shit the rap game should of never accepted you and they should kick yo gay ass out right now

gay ass

cross dressing gay ass vine

remove yoself from da rap game it we dnt need yo wack ass suck ass gay ass music in it lol

ita seriously woke me up to some gay ass christmas music and her gay ass singing

gay ass friends? heheheheheheh don't do it to your self huny sprinkle bitch

this nigga really tryna convince me that men can't get

men get raped kids get raped we're their tits showing too?

i am aware that men that get raped are deemed as hilarious and weak. this is bad.

the most you will ever see me show is my b cup boobs thru the middle. dassit. u trying to get raped on the dance floor boo? damn

by the way, you little turd, men get raped, too. maybe you'll get lucky.

also earlier i was pissed bcs some woman was trying to say that women wear headscarves not to get raped and i was like no so ye

men get raped too, the shame is hard to brush off

the fact that men also get raped and people don't take it into consideration

there is no such thing as a type of person that is more likely to get raped. women and men of all ages, religions, class, cultures,

fox host: men are sick of being feminized and donald trump is last hope to get their masculinity

dis bitch alejandra claim she wanna see me but then tryn go around telling ppl she hang with me like wha since when shawty confused

so niggas can go around fuck any everything with a heartbeat and it's cool? but when a female do it she a hoe

topless is just topless. that`s nothing. why is it ok for men to go around topless when some of them have bigger boobs than many women?

u can't be a gay ass bitch n then say u hate faggots

i hate a bitch ass nigga just as much as i hate faggots

i hate fat niggas that wear skinny jeans

girl want to be skinny that's real beauty.even boys wanna be skinny.girls hate fat boys.not joke it's fact

damn thats so fucking wack maybe they hate fat white men

i liked a video from why men hate fat women

i just had a back and forth with someone who actually tweeted hate fat bitches'.....conclusion: i am an idiot

thank you bitch i hate you too

this nigga tells me how he thinks he looks better than the hoes he talk too

he looks so gingery gross kermits the frog pic/

dont be showing our texts on here faggot

look here faggot i'm not gg. that proof thing doesn't fly. defend rapeguy all you like.

shoulda been here faggot

bring it here, faggot

come here faggot

well there's this guy outside yelling back here faggot i'm gonna fucking kill you" oh....

nah tuck him don't diss fucking star wars he a bitch fuck outta here faggot ass.

look here faggot you look like an autistic faze rug with a bigger nose

wow im right here faggot

fuck outta here faggot ass

get yo ass outta here faggot!!!!!

i live here faggot

were here faggot

fero can't pull of yeezys? but yet you're wearing them with skinny jeans lmao gtfo outta here faggot

get ur squeaker ass in here faggot

did i make any sexual advances towards her? lol fuck out of here faggot

y u dont even have friends on here faggot

listen here faggot i was a emo long before those cunts popped up.

i'm here faggot

we got a problem here faggot??

oh cuz i was about to read you real quick but while i'm here, faggot is a nigga who do gay shit try yo cover it

nobody gives a fuck what u want up in here faggot

lmfao theres no spinning here faggot it is what it is

now listen here faggot

no stfu get your ass back on instagram you don't belong here faggot leave love

jan, it's a bit unfair to dismiss him as a fruit loop. he has

that's where his faggot ass resides.

im tired of his faggot ass. something needed to be said.

his faggot ass is probably out eating like always

whip his faggot ass

nah tell zack get his faggot ass on minecraft or im fighting him at westfield next week

true with his faggot looking chimpanzee ass

i'd be rich if uncle sam would take his faggot ass on somewhere! they tax me a check. fuckin bitches.

man young thug girlfriend brave to be dating his faggot ass cause it couldn't be

old man and his faggot

his faggot ass better be going

that faggot zuckerberg's constantly suspending me, but i keep coming back to piss off his faggot democrat retards

pussy ass skimp ass nigga. i'd leave his faggot ass knocked tf out, butt naked with his finger in is asshole

but tell him i miss his faggot

is a ride or die i love his faggot ass

his faggot ass blocked. he stans onigger he's a fucking joke

fuck his faggot brother

yea and millions of dicks in his faggot ass too.

imagine if you give blood and it goes to a gay man to help him have erections while hes fucking his faggot partner. god sign me out

dont worry. once they know hes filing false reports, they'll go get his faggot ass.

i got his faggot ass twice during sugo

his faggot ass gonna catch these hands

get this dumb ass faggot jeff gorton kn the line so i can call his faggot ass up and tell him what he's gotta fucking do

cumia is a hack racist faggot. hope the whore take his money and his faggot ass gets locked up. enjoy the rape asshat

his faggot qb wears women's shoes.

bihh where? he aint did shit all game but show his faggot ass cost his team bout yards of penalties

obj probably got a crush on norman. with his faggot ass

the league should suspend him for next week or at least fine his faggot ass

wit his faggot ass fuck that nigga

norman will pop his faggot ass sooner or later

odell needs to calm his faggot ass down

never understood how a dude could use his shorty's car to pick up and take out another woman... the level of grimey is just too high bruh

a real nigga gone push his shorty to be a boss too

some nigga send his shorty $ while he's locked up just so she can buy herself a christmas gift.

this nigga chubbz be doing his shorty so bad lmao.

fuck ya feelings ain't no sorrys bitch shoot dat nigga and his shorty bitch

baina que me killa when a nigga puts up a pic making out w his shorty and then tries to bag u on the dm hijoeputas smh no respect

nigga so worried bout these hoes ain't even got his shorty back.

a real nigga gone push his shorty to be a boss too

nigga said finna hit the dab when his shorty giving birth this nigga bruh

that's how it should be any nigga should be down for his shorty keep them girls out his face visa versa

nigga wanted for gas money.. talmbout he need to buy his shorty grams for christmas lol

boys be running to they niggas with the down between him his bitch then wonder why his niggas tryna slide with his shorty...

i fucking hate living in this house oml fuck everything idc anymore im always treated like a bitch by everyone and im done dealing with it

must be why is full of feminists calling it antifeminist not to hate men themselves.

siomai is white and wrinkly.. beef ball in ginger sauce and hot sauce

dude u know im doing part time job at mall rn bcuz got nothing to do at home&amp;im broke af and guesssss whattttt

oregonian: icymi: woman gives to dad fired from nd job at subway.

have you stopped thinking about us? did it work? until? you mean beside jungle bunny schwarzenigger glass nigger impinuprf

nagpur the realized total loss fruit farm copulate in association with jungle bunny: wbv

i'm so petty i'm the type to screenshot and tag the bitch in the messages get your man" just cause, i'll sleep good every night!

unless theyre threatening to kill all men then yh theyre not a feminist lol

these men block the path to master promos do you a) kill yourself b) kill yourself

even though i looked like an idiot at that time but i tried something, which i didn't know that i could have gotten killed for running

here's the other thing. i've seen black women and men shot and killed for just having a gun. not pointing it or even threatening with it.

hm so a frog was killed for this..

okay if a female wouldn't open her legs to any nigga then a nigga wouldn't be able to cheat on his girl

like all i did ask a simple fucking question no need be a bitch about it.

like all this mf had to say was he was nothing on that with this specific person, mf just had to lie. so now you might be gay mf!

if you cheat on your girl you're a little faggot lol.

hello my little faggot

shut up you little faggot

see the little faggot i hollywood with the earrings makekup by direstraits i

every single day i come home and this little faggot just sits there and gives me cancer

time to square up with this little faggot finally.

where has been? i miss her little faggot face

you are a little faggot bitch

need a little faggot to fill in as a th for a team scrim

i am not at blame here ok you little faggot

hello little faggot

i am a super straight little faggot i like shemales with dicks and vaginas

this is actually gay and disgusting. im homophobic and watching this little faggot speak makes me want to kill myself

me: kid on xbox: shut up you annoying little faggot you cough like a nigger!! me:

you're done being a little faggot"

that little faggot lol

you like it? you can eat shit, fuck off little faggot

you can't even vote yet you little faggot

just shnoooooked above me this week you little faggot grrrrr

he removed my ranks and doesnt listen he's a little faggot

self made nigga well played

y'all pussy made nigga i am a real trill cold gee

he not even hood. he a bitch made nigga

self made nigga.

listen to the bitch made nigga syndrome when niggas are raised by bitches by sixfoe on

if you gone talk down talk down on some real shit you making things up as you go tho lol like a bitch made nigga would do.

that's not a nigga" that's a bitch made nigga w a temper ain't shit hood about hittin a female

so much more than six figures, a motherfucking made nigga.

but i go to college in brenham! that's where blue bell made nigga use to eat ice cream everyday

you still hitting females ma nigga on the set you a bitch made nigga. coward ass insecure ass mfvckin phony! im sure all them be broke af

always been a self made nigga

cuz you a bitch made nigga

hes nothing but a pussy ass bitch made nigga

made nigga x bibby

imma made nigga i should dust

jeremiah luafulu such a bitch made nigga man. he said to bring my niggas, they comin.

self made nigga ain't give me a thing

self made nigga can't compare to you help made niggas

towards her so you're the bitch made nigga for assuming your girl a snake

fuck u bitch made nigga

i'm a made nigga i should dust something

i'm a bitch made nigga

you got a young made nigga like me waiting for ya.

hoe follow back

can't stand a bitch made nigga who be sneak dissin.

bruh what kind of bitch made nigga are you? bruh...i'm real life mad right now

i see my nigga rez with too many niggers

es is getting out of bed to pick me up and smoke me out omfgomfgomfg i'm so glad gay marriage is legal bc bae af.

for what it's worth, stopping gay marriage is not part of ted cruz's public stump speech, so not sure there is any jarring discrepancy here.

what wants to know: i hv to stay married to this aging woman for yrs if i'm elected?"

fight me faggot u talk a lot of shit for a fat virgin

call me faggot but i cried over a crush.

fite me faggot.

omg lmao i thought me faggot willy were

i bet you kiss me faggot

race me faggot race me right now

you don't want to start with me faggot! i don't like to make children cry!

move closer to me faggot

stop harassing me faggot

happy birthday you miele loving piece of shit i love you get drunk af for me

you ditched me faggot

dont disturb me faggot

fuck you. don't talk to me, faggot.

you know what i meant shut up and kiss me faggot

don't current me faggot

text me faggot

unblock me faggot someone quote!!!!

you wanna fuck with me faggot

you called me faggot and told me to get hit by a truck and said you wish i was dead...

im the one who snapchatted you the weird shit and told you to call me faggot lol

kiss me faggot

yes she didnt call me faggot

lmfaooooooo rip delete this pussy no one will call me faggot they all scared

not at all. the closest thing to it was tyson to lewis fuck you till you love me, faggot" and that's a stretch

do you have cerebral palsy? just block me faggot takes seconds we've been over this vikings players are trash

follow me faggot

awe you blocked me faggot. nor more bo for you

text me faggot

suck me faggot

should've called me faggot

talk too me faggot gang acting pussy

text me faggot

ay bradley i ain't seen a bigger bitch since my coon dog betsy was pregnant

reunited! amazing visit in with my coon kids from the bayou!

get off werk morw at thn we get fuked up need some tiddis in my site aint seen a pair of tiddis since my coon dog lactaid

i'm taking my coon ass to bed.. eventually.

happy birthday to my coon i love you

my coon days been over. i'm a responsible grown up now

i think i'm going make nina my coon cause she real like me

i told my coon dog... sit on the couch gracyn. we're gonna watch ncis new orleans! btw, merry christmas!!!

hey i love my coon shows black people need to come together and get love and hip hop off of

i just wanna grow old and eat popcorn with my coon

my coon ass gonna need it

i need popeyes in my coon ass life.

haven't had wings ina minute...my coon level is low....

when i smell fried chicken and hot sauce my coon senses instantly start tingling

my coon senses start tingling at the sight of a cop car

bojangles calling my coon ass right now

my coon cute

i get on twitter for my coon friends, my tech updates, and the occasional fat ass.

now i know what image i'm gonna scare my coon next time when he will out of control

i don't even trust my coon ass bud

woke up to my alarm that i set as the big bang theory theme song. i'mma make coffee, have cocoa puffs, hope my coon eyes aren't that bad.

my aunt my coon and me

took my coon hunting virginity.

my coon

as i said to her before, you go to your bro and say good my coon?" idts

mood she can eat my coon

nah, since going vegetarian my coon card for revoked

with my coon dawgs drevon ayub

man my pups gotten so big love my coon dog

my neck, my back lick my coon and my sack

shame. i'll have to sit out this time. hope my coon card doesn't expire because of it.

my coon queen! love it

this is my coon hound dooley

i lost my coon skin snap back

my coon eyes are out of control

all i want is my coon to come visit me

freaking turn my coon tunes off"

freaking turn my coon tunes off"

convinced that niggas like a mean ass bitch bc i be cussing mfs out and its like yall still don't get it

hangout. then the little bitch would go back to you talking shit. nah man that shit don't fly with me. fake niggas like that are what piss

only a nigga that'll cheat on would say that, what happened to romance jfc, i hate niggas like that

i done met niggas like him he'll never meet another nigga like me

it's niggas like this that ain't gone do this shit to no nigga on the street boa you is a straight bitch

these niggas like hair on another nigga nutz fucking clowns

shut your nigger ass up

talk to god and ask him to help your nigger ass find your

thats what i nigger ass thought

anyways, goodnight. i'm taking my nigger ass to bed.

abusing nigger ass staff

after i'm done wid my nigga warrio.. i mean wefam i'm coming to shoot ur nigger ass

i have so many dodgy acxounts following me bate cia tryna deport my sand nigger ass

you can go take yo monkey twisted white boy loving house nigger ass someplace and sit down. we love but

fuck that nigger ass language

wanna get your nigger ass online

only if u have the patience admire quentin tarentino's work. then watch ...otherwise u can kiss my nigger ass

all these nigger ass shoes for her to be carried everywhere.

sal get ur nigger ass back in here

i'll hit his nigger ass up

cuz u did not giveaway all your fucking nigger ass limited like a dumb ass like me

fuck me cunt boy nigger ass bitch tit cum in my anus

shank her nigger ass

i have a great idea on what to do, but your nigger ass doesn't respond to texts or phone.

victor when is your nigger ass coming home i'm miss you

that was some nigger ass shit to

the way me and talk to eachother lmfao me: i'll talk to your nigger ass later her: okay bitch

dont give a fuck get your nigger ass outta my mention

at women whom your nigger ass owes said money to seems ok with you. not to mention she was holding a child

im the realist nigga you got, you should drop whoever for my nigger ass.

nigger is from ngr read

nigger is soft as teddy bear yet still claiming to be a tough thug mo facebook. phola boss

the only reason i'm a nigger is cuz my mom have sex with a burnt hotdog

this nigger is all over my tl this morning, smh

knock who's there? an asian with a new pair" lol this nigger is having so much fun with it

i was unsure of what a nigger is until i met you

this nigger is speeding

guys i'm not racist okay nigger is like my middle name

calling me a nigger is insignificant, when society is structured to treat me like

wtf is that gonna solve. if a nigger is buying a gun in a basement in the hood they r not gonna care

calling me nigger is corny hahaha next time don't slurp so hard in the skype call to play with us hahah

nigger is used a lot in the south, so that means its ok to say?

nigger is such an offensive word idk why people don't use american". pisses me off. racist white fucks.

nigger is said more in hateful than it was in django

the word nigger is highly disrespectful......

they elected another black dude. didnt they learn from the last guy whos doing time. got to use black dude for nigger is bad for business.

because the nigger" is an old stereotype from the south. retreating back into a stereotype is a defensive

the real nigger is here.....check it out

white people still think the word nigger is a good insult not going to stop me from giving a anglo saxon

my nigger is being slept on!!

yaa maybe lazy, but nigger is talented.

every nigger is a star.

where is this article. i need a valid list of sources before you try to tell me that saying nigger is empowering fam lmao

the way the teacher looking at him he's thinking this little nigger is gonna get , retweets" know he mad

but saying nigger is racist sebenarnya.. haha

if youre going to say them, you can say the word nigger xd. in fact nigger is probably more correct due to all the literature

white kids paid little attention to nigger before jews like redstone rothstein) started pushing in the

i wasn't happy with her nigger music, but i watch it without sound, so it's ok.

time for nigger music"

this nigger music is getting to me, brb

ahaha just put on something that says nigger a lot kids love nigger music

need some nigger music to listen to

insa ma byesma illa nigger music logic w cent w hol

r u gonna use nigger music again

it's one thing to be entertained by nigger music/comedy. it's another thing to emulate and advocate that behavior.

fucking nigger music

gonna bump some nigger music

whoever sit next to me gonna hate my nigger music

and rap but no nigger music only a couple people... i need to understand wtf ur saying

nigger music always be changing my mood from happy to agressive

sorry, i don't listen to nigger music

i hate when people talk bad about rap or say nigger music" when they have no idea about the culture of it.

listening to rap music while playing bf and this dude gets on the mic and says one wants to hear your nigger music"...

nigger music was born in the south, you white hillary lover!

ive been bumpin nigger music all morning then novacane came on and my mood immediately changed

i'd think so too if i spent all day listening to nigger music and playing call of duty all day.

its still nigger music

these fuckin spiks and niggers are laughing at you dumb liberal white chics for giving up da pussy to them just cause there turd colored.

woman kicking girl in has no right claiming reparations of

old men with slip on loafers, smelling of fags do not make good bed fellows

bashing black men cool but if we tweet women black all types of fags and hate our mothers

my nigga gotta stop taking advantage of white women they sick of shit

naacp to give blacks opportunity. support taking away the right of white men to have the same opportunities. it is called racism.

say she want me to take da rubber off.....told ha people in hell want ice water bitch knock it off

maybe i'll stop when i stop seeing their smug expressions and hearing their derisive laughs as they mock people like me publicly.

pick one nigga

all are great but if i have to pick one it is bird set free. very empowering and i love

police: louisville man raped and robbed woman in alley wdrb

man and woman in alley dec : am et

yes. a woman was in fact brutally raped and misidentified her attacker while the prosecution secreted exculpatory evidence.

police: louisville man raped and robbed woman in alley...

black woman hating going down on the timeline. now it's little black girls faults for being raped and molested. bc they should know better.

yes i realize women get raped and all but there are more male homicide victims than women. men usually serve longer time in jail

the majority of men i dated had been molested or raped by women/men starting in the nd grade

well then don't complain about men being raped by women if you don't need us

i have a male friend who was raped by a woman at the age of .. she kept doing it and he's been truly scarred

we also live in a world where men can't be raped by women.

and a woman maybe a black woman suggested that submit to being by any cop vs. shooting in

transgender woman locked in allmale prison lived in constant fear of being raped by inmates

if a man say he was raped by a woman it's stop being a pussy" a girl get raped it's sick fuck, cut his dick off!"

transgender woman locked in allmale prison lived in constant fear of being raped by inmates

transgender woman locked in allmale prison lived in constant fear of being raped by inmates

how u gonna say nigga and than say sand nigger?? lmaoo

i don't speak sand nigger.

i have so many dodgy acxounts following me bate cia tryna deport my sand nigger ass

cause you're cool and i think it was a sand nigger

what the actual is a sand nigger somebody pls tell

i look like a sand nigger

wtf is a sand nigger you dumb cracker bitch??

it's something we are all used to and he is an ugly sand nigger

i already mentioned sand nigger you midget islam fuck

you obviously care sand nigger

the first time someone called me a sand nigger i was just so confused. i didn't even understand what they were trying to say

question: should someone be able to say nigger" in a college?

fine then you deal with your sand nigger problem yourself if that's how you feel when allies come to try to help

its so sad how so many men are assholes and savages that it seems to ruin it for the rest of them

please stop trying to perpetuate the narrative that men are savages that have no conyrol over their genitalia.

bitch im

talm bout shorty bitch that's strike one

shoot that nigga his shorty bitch

hit that nigga and his shorty bitch shorty bitch

even shorty bitch

all of a sudden i'm gone and you wanna go to yo house. bullshit i know shorty bitch was there.

boost mobile shorty bitch hit ma chirp

it's all fun games till i that nigga his shorty bitch" and end up in prison

when tall ass girls call themselves shorty bitch where?

since a shorty bitch we been them niggas

bitch yu seen me calling yu

i annoyed the fuck outta shorty bitch one night funniest day of my life

lemme just block shorty bitch tweakin'

told shorty bitch look at my dab!

a huge round of applause to my shorty bitch legs

i would like to extend my gratitude to my shorty bitch legs for disappointing me every second of the day...

shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch

spear chucker has got to be the funniest way to call a nigga a nigga

oh really u dumb ass nigger spear chucker

job get, but before i opened my mouth, i could tell the guy wrote me off as just another nigga. i can't stand that shit.

i love my bffs enough tho i can't stand that bitch von sometimes but i love him shae

cannot stand that vapid woman. ugh

i cant stand that idiot

it's the owners of miss universe fault for hiring a stupid nigger that looks like the missing link

tomori quit interacting with my tweets stupid nigger

stupid nigger!

stupid nigger that's mcdonald's lmao

shut the fuck up you stupid nigger

then block me you stupid nigger

black patron just called black cashier a stupid nigger. but obviously i'm the racist. somehow.

stupid nigger

to be fair, you are a stupid nigger

you stupid nigger mother fucker

driver in las vegas strip crash by security guards harassing her dumb ass stupid nigger! where's

went from steve harvey wild.. to nigger" ppl are crazy

not even the jokes, i get that. but to call him nigger" and all this fuck shit.... really lets you see people true feelings.

the don: would have been avoided if i still owned the contest' yeah, never, ever hire a stupid nigger to do any job!

no doubt i blocked that stupid nigger!

fuck you stupid nigger

you're just a stupid nigger you should shut the fuck up!

idk who that is sue that fag

mpdushha that fag

you sound like a dl nigga in denial especially with that like avi. who you tryna fool

no keep that fag shit over there

ah my yg! tbh you're funny af and chill you're fun to talk to you're my english buddy! don't forget that fag see what i did there

cant believe ur playing with that fag

remember when emma roberts brings that fag back to life and has weird three ways with him later on in coven

roasted that fag lol

lol that fag played lacrosse also... so we can just leave it at that

that fag joey grashita and his bf look like literal twins wtf.

that fag happens to be my best friend and she's wearing my christmas gift

never talked to that fag but he blocked me lmao

i'm gonna have to invest in a butt plug rooming with that fag tho

i see the notallggr apologist has shown up. that fag needs a hobby. maybe try taking a bath to get a date

overrated like that fag von miller

deeper than that...he could've seriously injured norman with that fag shit

fag who played straight from the brum show was lucky had mad two shows running.

that fag quette made that picture

what about that fag?

he just had to sleep on my fav spot pfft only recently every night he wna sleep near me but isok that fag cute

great job.. lemme block that fag as well

tf is that fag gonna do w/ that banana?

im cool with the gay shit but dont talk about my dad like that fag

davion stop saying that fag

buy me a ticket to see that fag and i'll go

not many people can fuck with that fag

omg i remember that faggot

fuck no that faggot is weak lmfao

dont talk about my mrs like that faggot

as someone who lives on b, that faggot doesn't know what a normie is. he's just trying to sound edgy

i ain't defending r.kelly. i don't even like his music. fuck that faggot.

my god obj is a clown. wish josh norman would've slapped that faggot ass haircut off his ugly ass head on the spot tbh

lol, that faggot defending your dumb ass is a dude?

faggot george lucas" shit

guide to making a good movie: keep that faggot george lucas far away from it being made

rehs, i remember him. what ever happened to that faggot lmao

its probably that faggot rehs, still has twitter pass

u coming ptown lid? with me and that faggot?

subtweeting about that faggot called ron imagine printing out a conversation and placing it into a best friends frame, im very hally

ahahhah yu already no text me one these day bro we out and marius too haven't seen that faggot in a while either

that mode that faggot is in

that faggot tyler has a crush on you too. gays are gonna rape you rofl

can someone please make sure that faggot sees this video

convo kinda went like this. me: fuck youuuuu is playfully not malicious) her: ya like that faggot me:

dude this shit is stupid..i never followed that faggot that's gay af

they never revealed that faggot. she isn't gonna be.

get on with that faggot ass shit

this the only time i exposed a nigga this year and that faggot tried the wrong bitch

that faggot blocked me because i told him he was being cheap when he was trying to negotiate my gfx prices

fuck that faggot

y did u let that faggot takei misconstrue the facts of the camps

if yo nigga on that bitch shit tell that faggot ass nigga to go sit with the other bitches

in that field ever again. enter you, trying to make my life difficult. you think i give af about your apparently encyclopedic /

y'all need to get off obj nut sack, he was the main one acting like a bitch on that field

leel was a real boy on that field still can't believe that nigga was that quick lol

read the research on cutting off penis and this first generation never a nigger dad from luo tribe that nigger tribe to most

where the fuck is my lord and savior you are my only normal friend besides tiw but all that nigger does is tweet about sports

c'mon, guys... ya'll can't slander weed coz of that nigger. please leave weed outta

so every time i walk out of my cousins house i yell catch that nigger he's a runner"

haha bitch i will never forgive the faggots who betray me

cheers to the faggots hoe hoe hoe

fine feathers make fine birds or although the monkey is dressed in silk, she remains a monkey

so now the female feminist what to come at me i could be calling yo ass a bitch is that better than female

catch us on the niggers of the gay community

the niggers who use nigger gifs

my soggy knees need to work for me as of like the niggers of the gay community

why are like the niggers of some faggot on pol using verizon and constantly getting the shared ip b&amp; for being a harassment account smfh.

if a woman think that she always right, as a male, you must left rule of left and right

ultimate reset be your best you in !! yours now on early bird pay before january...

adam effortlessly combines stupidity and weakness to produce the ultimate beta cuck.

get on then faggot

kiss me then faggot

man, you're such a sensitive pussy! all worked up over athletes using the fag term?!? get out of the sports world then!

block me then faggot

well get a . gpa then faggot

do it then faggot. you wont because you are a coward who preys on children because they are weaker than you.

i take it you're voting for bernie then. faggot.

wait... isn't it the other way around. maggot, then faggot...

why beg for me to follow you then faggot

buy some glasses then faggot

reply to my snapchats then, faggot

text me then faggot

come meet me then faggot. you will get to know me very soon...peet van heerden...watch your back

give me your snapchat then faggot

how old are you then faggot

join then faggot.

v me on rust then faggot. quick scopes only.

alright then faggot

in a few weeks see how your liking your cavs then faggot the team defense doesn't compare to when lebum was in miami

look somewhere else then faggot

fine. don't follow me back then. faggot.

go look it up then faggot

come up with a funny one then, faggot

don't play next year then faggot

its gonna be black ops themed then faggot

maybe stop asking questions then, faggot.

better then faggot ass steph curry.

this nigger is crazy yow

this nigger so fucking dumb

this nigger got wat i

this nigger is an embarrassment to amerikkka.

this niggerleftist joke is getting ridiculous. be brave, protect u.s. from democrats and obama the pussy!

this nigger is all over my tl this morning, smh

knock who's there? an asian with a new pair" lol this nigger is having so much fun with it

idek half the kids but joined and i beat him in aw and this nigger has the balls to kick me

this nigger is speeding

g for a year. and that c**t is yawning because he did not get this nigger as he and his pastor have had the controle for how long now too fu

you know you want this nigger dick baby

poom get this nigger away from me

this nigger just won't die

someone join call with nature and i cant be alone with this nigger

i seen this nigger on here

now that i'm not aborting this nigger i am now mar of wanna free! no devils lettuce around little jamal alexander

who's this nigger up on this nag!?

biggshot: last night this nigger bitch was given her strapping. she done anything...

tamra don't sweat this nigger just cuz kassidy's yeti looking fat ass is too scared to face u

this nigger

opening my guy fl studio im about to this nigger called trap beats

this nigger rubbing toe all over your presents

it this nigger darkskin girl she make a thread and blacklifematters on my tl actually quoting them being serious xd

hahahaha wow. this nigger! oso jola cape town ne?

see, this is why people talk about needing to teach men not to rape. because the context really is routinely erased.

a) norway is teaching muslim men not to rape almost greeted with a yawn by the left

folks are always tell us what to do to avoid rape, teach men not to rape"

racist men are almost % more likely to rape women of their own race than nonracist men.

anybody that's prome is antieverything else. are you really suggesting a black woman allow a white cop any cop to her?

she got that pool on her so i know her nigga had to tie the knot

congrats to ginger and krista at our hampton, va office location!! way to tie in team spirit, krista merry...

i developed very early. i was the girl that tried to tie down her grown woman parts so men would stop looking at her.

did you learn to speak trash with that dirty mouth, monkey? your little friend? what is his name again?" he smirked.

could wait hoe come see me u bout that u tlk bookoo shit and i never once seen u bak it up u always went to someone for help

when u just cooked yaself a bacon egg and cheese ate it and now u bout to go buy one and eat that too

when u bout drop a sick af mixtape but ur mom calls u for dinner

pussy pussy pussy i can smell u from a bout mile a way a gain nasty i'm hittin u bout a mile

chill out bitch u bout make me cry

u fuckin best be! i only meant like mentally lol. proper struggling with shit and she asks if i'm gay the bitch lol x

if u fuckin wit a real bitch dnt be psychotic be the solution to her problems she has enough of

i said lefty loosie u fuckin screw

i want my p back u fuckin dumb scammin bitch

u fuckin moocher i call da bitch moochie

retard if klopp spent over mil we wud hv deffo won the league by now u fuckin dumbass comparin klopp whos just came now

o u fuckin that hoe to boy thats our bitch

rule of thumb. if u get skinny people can call u skinny all day long. but don't let somebody get fat and u call them out.

when u get really drunk and high af bc u know ur going to be adult soon

hope u get tangerines for christmas bitch

mamg bitch know what it means to me haha) miss you!!! u didnt come to my party huhu see you soon! hopefully hehe love you bb!!

when u get really drunk and high af bc u know ur going to be adult soon

love u trolling cracker ebola infected bitch ugly dyke queen of bullying

shut up you ugly dyke hater

god damn you one ugly dyke.

when women point out that they're wrong, gouts of nastiness pour forth: dyke bitch, just because no one checks you out...")

rat ugly dyke no vocal ass hoe leave my man alone ugly ass bitch commit sewer side

when there's an ugly dyke bitch in your house buying a puppy..

phoebe no active powers married the source of all evil ugly dyke haircut

some girl in my class called me an ugly dyke and all i can do is laugh

you changed mine to fat ugly dyke

mad respect for everyone in shit i couldn't fucking math i hate you ugly dyke bitch subject

shut up you fat ugly dyke

said anyone who said he's sexist is probably an ugly dyke anyway...who can't hoop

ugly dyke

smash going out with the release of an androgynous nobody and an ugly dyke. bravo sakurai.

watch his little ugly dyke feet move really fast

she said i looked like a lesbo" and an dyke" in my pompom hat. stop homophobia. report

go to bed u ugly dyke ass

no more being the ugly dyke friend out of the group lmao

boys flirt. men assert their dominance by dressing up like pretty cartoon ponies.

shut up nigger

ashut up nigger

grow up nigger!

shut up nigger

shut up nigger and get back to the fields

keep ya' head up nigger

what's up nigger?

shut up nigger

bet run up nigger. i'm need my dollars tomorrow to. anyone else wanna lose in fifa dollar buy in.

shut up nigger delete this

shut up nigger

shut up nigger

lol square up nigger

shut up nigger

what up nigger boo wessam

lmao hol up nigger namsayin, there's nothing to reconsider, you want us to hv a boring festive without football? nie man nie

just pay ur respect and shut the fuck up nigger

shut up nigger let me be a loser

shut up nigger

queen bee's gonna watch your lie

i'm not the same nigga everyone knew back then so watch your mouth and tone when you talk to me...

you always say you're mature and handling business but yet you're always fighting with someone on fb? bitch go watch your daughter bye

the bitch simone gtg though like first stop fatshaming the other models second sit ur white ass down ur not all that

is such a fucking white ass cracker bitch. fucking mayooooooo." i'm dying

after i leave the she wanna meet them fuck nigga white ass bitchs im numbing

so many white ass men on this plane, better turn on my white person charm

two big black cocks in a white ass and pussy big black cocks in a white ass and pussy

nobody stfu white ass satanic bitch

you'll be getting bithells skinny white ass

bitch niggaz took o so i got no feeling drills again put nigga white ass bitch it cook my cum

tf... a white person that owns a store calls us nigger... u still shopping there?

i just had a friend of mine... well ex friend now say that she can say nigga bc she was % black, literally, white trash. i hung up on her

i hate kids specifically men my age) who live off their parents and don't work. give it a few years nobody gonna want your crusty ass

i blocked that indoctrinated karmel i really don't have time to chat w people who live in a bubble

people who live in certain countries or come from certain backgrounds who are gay live a life in fear and secrecy just to stay alive

niggas will get on twitter to rounds" on a nigga who live blocks up the street.

this year i found out the friendships you have with niggas can be fake af. heeee.

wtf is my timeline. stop rting shit you fag

merry fucking christmas you fag

also stop making the anime girl peace sign you fag what the fuck are you gay

if you gonna talk nigga me. difference between my shit and yours is i'm not subtweeting. i'm not just talkin about you fag

thank you fag

you fag

happy birthday you fag

haha dyl's mad love you fag bag

hahahahahaha! definitely i'll continue laughing tmr oooohhhhhh hehe ok goodnight bb, love you fag

yayyyy. i'm gonna bully you fag as in stare at you and not say hi

you fag

put sieo on you fag, swags is a faggier... fag!

brendan let me follow you fag

you fag

you're going out of your way to blatantly obfuscate the issue. seems like you want trump to schlong you, fag.

unreal i love you fag

you would watch home and away you fag

lmao i deleted them you fag

omg do you take it in the ass with a strapon when you bang chicks? can't even command sport you fag. love you

i call you fag on a daily kai don't act like its new

wow so fucking nice! but thank you fag!

fucking cunt i am better than you fag

if you go through self service with a trolly your a fucking time wasting cunt

nigga, mos def...common was there, cyhi. it is no best in good music you nigger lmao

you nigger. vegetarian no meat. vegan no animal products at all, i.e. no meat, no dairy, eggs etc

fuck you nigger

who you callin nigger you nigger but thanks boii

when europeans try to call you nigger u gotta lol..they're just talking bout themselves

go back to cali you nigger

fuck you nigger

kuma you nigger

up you nigger"

i love you nigger

you nigger

shut up you nigger faggot

fooby you nigger put your midget cock inside me

fuck you nigger

why are you fazing up you nigger

ayyy fuq you nigger

for real rest in peace my niggas you nigger live through to me

you nigger

you nigger you tweet me as soon as i hope in bed

when a old white bitch calls you nigger at work

bird man j.r. you niggers bird lunch

i'm at school and wow you niggers hate bitch i wonder why

you r a well grounded beautiful woman who knows her purpose!kip inspiring! may god make you more..much more than u ask

shame to u bilawal gay and cm sind and shame to nisar khoru you r all bullshit allah distryed you

you r the best mom. because it felt like i was a ghost and no one talked to me mom annie of course)

you r a filthy cunt otis, but i love you. a very lucky guy with hot fishermen pissing into him. alas i think its jurien bay.

i wouldn't of helped him but your a retard and think you can ddos your a little year old squeak that will never make it anywhere.

lmao your a bitch people don't like bitches

if you go through self service with a trolly your a fucking time wasting cunt

and your a bitchass nigga

your a bitch

i don't want to watch your faggot video. blocked

oi troy sivan you faggot ass faggot fuck off spotify nobody wants to hear your faggot youth song its fucking shit like the rest of your musi

just saying your faggot ass friend had to block me because he was lying his ass off pussy

i'll try, i can replace your faggot friend that never plays the objective lmfao

bitch if your faggot ass is so popular then why do you have do to dm every person you follow to rt your lame tweets?

your faggot ass had stans hyping a lame ass comeback like your lame ass matters in stan twitter.

sjkjfdb boy bye. did you forget your faggot ass used to kik me? i know youre black with a perm and faggy clothes.

nobody wants to help your faggot ass

bitch nigga always ina at your fucking grandma house laying down w your faggot never wanna go nowhere ass

im so mean but fuck man its all the time that i hear her say faggot music" like dude... i listen to different genres pls stop

sister appreciation post cuz i love you and wish it was the weekend, so i could see your faggot ass.

ain't nothing bitter bout me you dick riding bitch ass nigga. you mad cause i exposed your faggot ass.

bring your faggot ass back

you piece of shit. i stepped on dog puke last night cause your faggot ass was feeding that fag fries

or are you just cucking for black sick in your faggot mouth?

shut your faggot ass up

faggot. i just need you the god of roasting to block me one time

nobody mentioned you bitch take your faggot with you and go get some clue!

cause like what's the chances of your faggot ass talking about a

your faggot ass wouldnt be able carti faster that's all he ain't not damn hands

i'm your faggot

i will knock your faggot ass out if you don't fucking unblock me. someone quote this

tell your faggot over there to let summit stream

i don't like my own tweets or post pics your faggot ass boyfriend on my twitter

bro your faggot if you don't give me ride bro

i get shot in the back and why are you getting in my mentions. get outta here with your faggot emojis

that's just your nigger sweat.

publically misidentified with your nigger. thus it's all speaking in public to public figures.

shut your nigger mouth, nigger!! day in prison...

conversation going on ko what will you do if your nigger dated your ex?

what about your nigger friends?

but he aint your nigger tho why you mad

don't get me fucking started on y/o tamir rice. i mean, i know he was a child, but that's what happens when your nigger ass is a nigger.

if u do mvm with dane i want to med for u. also on stream everyone saw your nigger message. it was p fun.

i'm that nigger that's your nigger even when u got a nigger...

get your nigger ass off of social media.

go back to hanging out with your nigger friends

today your nigger is feelin woozy no poll for today and have some fun in the snow

is that you? my god where's your nigger loving wife ya son of a bitch haha how's it going?"

no one wants your nigger faggot blood anyway

private property and they don't need your nigger antics there

don't post your nigger shut here

your nigger in a dress izolo

yew better cuff your nigger it's

i wanna jerk of your nigger cocks until your balls cum on a bunch of titties. so that when you think of the washington redskins...

if this is the case then maybe i want your nigger

you mind your nigger lips, boy!" lmfaooooo

when bae starts asking questions but your nigger covers for you

off your nigger music" it's suicideboys?

chill bruh before i smack your nigger ass.

me: white people cant dance white person: but if i said your nigger father left you as a kid to sell drugs for welfare that'd be racist

on this day last year a bitch made ass nigga broke my phone

he not even hood. he a bitch made nigga

learned to expect bitch made shit from a bitch made nigga

if you gone talk down talk down on some real shit you making things up as you go tho lol like a bitch made nigga would do.

that's not a nigga" that's a bitch made nigga w a temper ain't shit hood about hittin a female

you still hitting females ma nigga on the set you a bitch made nigga. coward ass insecure ass mfvckin phony! im sure all them be broke af

if you ever put your hands on a female your a perfect example of a made ass nigga" frfr.

a bitch made brownies

you a bitch made nigga if you put down your girl or lay a finger on her with a negative intention and jus know i'm plottin on you fuckboy

i'm a bitch made nigga

a not a bitch made... the way you worded it was weird

that man is a bitch made punk

can't stand a bitch made nigga who be sneak dissin.

lot of you niggas is sons of a bitch made

he wanna disrespect my girl and shit but don't wanna view me definition of a bitch made migga

bruh you is a bitch made ass nigga like bruh you act just like a fucking bitch

this is a bitch made motherfucker, he had his friend record it which is fucked up this shit makes me

i hate a bitch made nigga

wtf he a bitch made nigga for that.

u know he's a bitch made dude ) cuz he's hitting a female. ) none of them punches even phased her. smh.

. he's a bitch made nigha . he's a bitch made nigha!

thats a bitch made nigga.

that's a bitch made move

he a bitch made nigga

give me a few months, i'll finally be able to accomplish what i started before a bitch made nigga came in the way

he's such a bitch made nigga. his music

y'all kno al. nigga from new orleans. that's a bitch made nigga.

that's a bitch made nigga, not a hood nigga.

this ain't a hood nigga this a bitch made nigga

most men become dogs because a bitch made us this way.

only a bitch made nigga does this shit

a bitch made nigga

last time a bitch made nigga like him laid hands on me he was soaked in his own blood. ladies, defend yourselves.

wtf so disgusting why would she even fuck w a bitch made foo like that

you a bitch made nigga if you lay hands on a female and she's not threatening your life in any way.

you a bitch made nigga for certain i'm a god in a world full of serpents only take a nigga life on purpose!!!

what a bitch made motherfucker

what a bitch made ass nigga, foreal tho

might stand outside with a fag and shake my head at anyone who looks drunk. they'll have a shite christmas" i'll say under my breath

love when people say irrelevant things and think it's funny, like no you're a fag and i'll punch you in your fat fucking face

when i have to go outside for a fag and it's this cold i really start to question why i keep smoking

i need a fag and a coffee

true! it's been bastardized by some. once meant cigarette. but say you'll a fag" and see wt hpns

she was like omg what a fag and laughed

larry o'donnel is a fag and any obama supporter is an enemy.

some guy left mid heist and we had to restart and get a new player i called him a fag and i get banned for a week seems fair

you called me a fag and stomped on someone's papers?!?!?!

good morning vapers up and vape up) carm and vape on) no to a fag and say yes to a vape)

sat up at :am and all i want is a fag and a large glass of

i lost to rapid fire not gums kill in a v snd... you said you were a fag and got dominated on your host

raymond is such a fag and it kills me.

well kelsey fell so i came for a fag and started drink with daddy steve v

i messaged my brother on the th december asking if he had a fag and he only just replied to me

god is a fag and god hates fags... does god hates hisselfs?"

oh how i would love to have a fag and make a cup of tea but rn its a no to moving from me

they were calling him a fag and he couldn't handle the truth. he wanted to handle norman's black bat tho

dis is what you do in your spare time init? light a fag and take pics like this

you talk like a fag and your shits all retarded.

jheeez went out for a fag and next door giving it the big one.

is a fag and baits people to get kills what a fag

well back the hotel the bf has passed again! gonna have a few cans a fag and get to bed!

you're a fag and like artist

seems ages since i've done the warmup' have a fag and sing bieber and d

love that movie. you're fucked up, you talk like a fag and your shits all retarded

you're a fag and you get no views skid get out of here

yes, but you don't get to mock people if they're called a and take offense. it's their choice.

just avin a fag and a cuppa with the mother whilst observing a police chase round the estate

brad's outside for a fag and texts me saying he's farted so loud and the neighbour was putting something in the bin

they called odell a fag and he got mad

you still in the debt collection business? i gave a mate a fag and he won't return the favour!

callin him a fag and shit still not ok

ayy lmao stop being a fag and let me know if you change your mind. i think cesar might go

wham! club tropicana in a winter wonderland?! having a fag and mulled cider! typically british!

i think he's telling us you look like a fag and no one can believe you're married to a female

awww poor odell beckham, the panthers called him a fag and told him he was a spoiled child. everyone should feel bad for odell

lmao youre calling me a fag but look at your icon

ha i was about to text tez like roll me up a fag but we have ciggs so eat my ass roll ups

yea your a fag, but your my fag.. jk, wish i had a girl

i look like a fag but hey at least i can see the lines when i'm driving at night now

you're still a fag. but you're my fag friend. i shall call you bitchman

tbh you're a fag! but i guess you're chill and cute you fucker you're funny af and you're a fag

such a fag but my fag. so glad to have you babe, love you more than life itself, dying w/o u rn

you a fag but one of my best friends and fool why didn't you hook it up with in n out that one night smfh

wantin to go for a fag but can't be arsed with moving debating since i'm home for christmas if me maw will mind smoking out the window

jeremy is a fag but that's hysterical

such a fag but ok

was gonna go for a fag but i can hear some radge outside my house shouting his lungs out, perhaps no

i swear not a fag but i want one tho! if i get some....lord knows

don't wanna have a fag but my shisha pen ent working

feel bad for no getting dylan for a fag but it's too much effort to move

i need a pee and a fag but i'm obsessed with girls aloud otr

happy birthday big dog. your still a fag. but i love you. hope it's a good one!

im outside having a fag but i can't remember where it is

harry just ate a fag but off the floor

lol yea he a fag but the song bumps

is it bad that i've just had a fag but i want another one

thanks u still a fag but u made my night so ty ulit.

dying for a fag but there's no chance i can be arsed to go downstairs and listen to my dad give me shit

you're such a fag but i love you too

you may be a fag but brand new is the shit. fav album and top songs? degausser tho

i told him you weren't a fag... but my dad doesn't listen to me much

you're a loser and a fag but i love you. i miss you and we need to hang out again and watch the stars again too. ft me soon loser

ur a fag but we should chill soon

ian you sound like a fag but carti bodied that nigga

and ur a fag but i didn't say anything..

i want a fag but i'm % sure there's a man living in the bush outside my house but he's only about at night. when the street lamps are off

you're such a fag but ya my fag lol i love you man nomatter what ya stuck with me big zaddy

lmaoo and your receiver still can't find out what a catch is. lol he's a fag but you fuck with greg?

for a but? coming out for a fag but

can't sleep i need a fag but it's pissing it down. go me

dying for a fag but being too comfy in bed is a killer

young thug can be a fag but he keeps it

ever feel like you need a fag but then you remember you don't smoke?

still don't think norman should've called obj a fag... but obj laid a dirty hit on him

only i could get fined for dropping a fag but on the

i wanna go out for a fag but i cba to make up some excuse to go out

ctg is a fag but this tweet is real

i think i'm just gonna be a faggot and eat mall food idc that shit was fuego

i had a dream mrs whitt called me a faggot and then gave me a stray cat i was not upset

if i come to ur city and u don't fuck me just because my coochie is hairy ur a faggot and a pedophile

stop being such a faggot and gimme that stash of vodka you've hidden in your bra.

because he's a faggot and they aren't.

stop being a faggot and unblock me petey benwah afro ass egg.

young thug a faggot and so are his fans

dunno whether to be a faggot and go home at or go out on the piss

nah i need to finish the easter egg, after i call him a faggot and make him kill himself whats next

stop making shitty songs with u yelling like a faggot and make more songs like that verse u did in martians vs goblins, shitsdope

well you're a faggot and actor can go both ways so i put and together

man all you do on here is call people a faggot and tell people to kys.you must have a fun life.

nvm guys don't go check out livestream he's a faggot and he banned me for no reason. what a great streamer

you're a faggot and you shouldn't report me.

idc he's a faggot and my man cpo a goon and lost a arm and still bangin

he's literally a faggot and got mad because they called him one untag

nobody is about to call me a bitch or a faggot and think it's all gravy. it's gonna be problems.

if you would wear this you a faggot and your son will be gay like you

fred, your a faggot and no one agrees with you. you both are scum.

odell got called a faggot and became a mental midget. bottom line, it's the nfl shit gets talked....

wen landlord will stop being a faggot and probably toby

twistvh great fucking dude, you're a faggot and ily

obj needs butters to filter the hateful comments like players calling him a faggot and making fun of his hair

so, if i take pictures like a faggot and say pointless abstract things you'll give me attention? no thanks. i'm not desperate or seeking

madden call him a faggot and thats what set laettner off. when the fans got word of it thats when they started chanting

no he was bugging bc a bunch of dudes with bats called him a faggot and said im gonna end your career

you a faggot and ya ol lady a magget

said he called odell a faggot and pointed a bat at him

dude on the panthers called odell a faggot and that he was gonna end his career while toting a baseball bat..normal

if you're on the field someone calls you a faggot and says they'll end your career you'd freak out

you don't point it at other people call them a faggot and say im gonna end your career bro

epps a faggot for blocking that's gay

epps a faggot for blocking me

when just you think it's okay to leave her, then later you cried out loud like a faggot for the very same reason.

looking forward to my family coming home and daan calling me a faggot for wearing nailpolish and then mom asking what a faggot is

mannnnn helllll nah, he a faggot for that. she fucking him. wtf

understandable, now i feel like a faggot for doing that

this is what happens when half the panthers team calls him a faggot for an entire game

i used to get called a faggot for wearing jogger pants my freshman year

oh really so your saying im a faggot for going there and thats why i should join your

dude you are such a faggot for retweeting that

niggas on twitter will call u a faggot for taking money from your girl. shit prolly weird to a lot of y'all

my year old neighbor just yelled at garrett and called him a faggot for no reason.... so

you are a faggot for getting rid of it and i hope yo ug et riddled with piccolo

russell wilson a faggot for not fucking ciara yet.... talking all that church bs nigga everybody at the church fucking they just fakin

this nigga a faggot for this and his punches aint do shit to the girl

before heath ledger died everyone acted like he was a faggot for brokeback mountain, i guess bein the joker made him cooler

i remember when shittalky called a dude a faggot for going easy on him during a roastin session because his uncle died

cam a faggot for sapping that nigga. i can't be cool w a nigga beefin w my teammates

even though the guy was a faggot for harassing her friend, it still doesn't mean she was in the right either, which sucks overall

yea son is a faggot for that

i'm a faggot for laura

does it make me a faggot for getting really happy about?

you're a faggot for this lmao i luh you doe

you're a faggot for this

ra'shad a faggot for searching his name

why did hannah walker's brother call louis a faggot for cheating on hannah with a guy

just got called a faggot for not liking star wars?

need feminism because my dad keeps calling me a faggot for stealing my sister's cateye glasses"

bruce banner still a faggot for what happened in age of ultron. black widow throwing the pussy at him and he decides to go into hiding

so im a faggot for replying fast? that makes sense

i feel like a faggot for listening to this but who cares in the current year

a faggot for that

i'm such a fucking queer wtf

what a fucking queer!

i just felt like my life was going really well and then kylo ren took his mask off and cried like a fucking queer.

your such a fucking queer but i love you, your number fan me deadpool

ur a fucking queer

god you're a fucking queer

don't care if i'm a fucking queer"

my dad just took my car to get new tyres for me, he must have looked a fucking queer handing over the keys with all my princess keyrings

yeah toxic momba you're a fucking queer

i'm a fucking queer

what a fucking queer

your kids will disown you for being a fucking queer mate

obj a fucking queer

your friend is a fucking queer

is a fucking queer" says my openly gay cousin

david is a fucking queer

harden is such a fucking queer

guys it screams a fucking queer" if you have a tire cover on ur jeep.

nice to meet you ethan, stop being a fucking queer

scar is a fucking queer coded communist

my life is fucking amazing. your just a fucking queer

god do i look like a fucking queer

he insults people but you say something that isnt directed at anyone and turn into a fucking queer

the same: still recycling cans to pay higher property taxes. can't buy a job at .

i can get any nigga a job at the work or get a nigga a sweet lick on the just call me the

every girl that comes home from college gets a job at the mall....i've been trying to work at the mall nigga

if a nigga ask to fuck you in the ass.... he like ass bc ass is ass man or woman

when a nigga ask what can you bring to the table but flip that shit and let it be known you brought the table

i want a type of girl that if a nigga ask for her kik on insta she goin tag me n that real quick

me when i get my direct deposit and a nigga ask for gas money

when a nigga ask to chill

when a nigga ask for nudes

i just hope a nigga ask me to use my clippers before they use em

i just hope a nigga ask me to use my clippers before they use em

i was once told if a nigga ask to do anal more then / times he's gay

yall still believing that going to look for a job" when a nigga ask for your car keys? that's like one of the top lies in niggadom..

trina flow, working on my abs legs so a nigga ask yo real name" i tell him da baddest bitch"

you take half naked pictures but get mad when a nigga ask to fuck

good vibe and good sex is all a nigga ask for

i feel if you're a thot you don't have the right to say no if a nigga ask to bun. it should always be yes.

i don't understand how you can do anything a nigga ask you to do and they don't understand that you love them

i hate when a nigga ask me if i smoke and when i say no they ask not?" ummmm cuz i don't want to.

a nigga ask me what size my mikes was? bitch try somebody else won't take shit off me

i hate when a nigga ask..."do you miss me?"...ummm no who text who first?

all a nigga ask for

when a nigga ask you to chill like bye

when a nigga ask you why you tripping but when you do the same shit he start tripping

just treat me w/ respect, that's all a nigga ask

had a nigga ask me what im getting him for christmas of all im not santa clause you not my man

bitch you give instagram pics a day but if a nigga ask for one its a problem

if a nigga ask you to match then bitch you just a hoe lol

when a nigga ask you to send nudes in the dm

i seriously had a nigga ask me to pretend to be his girlfriend for christmas for his family

if a nigga ask u for money he broke

when u switch it up on a nigga ask for pictures

ain't nothing worse than a nigga ask in a female for some oral sex and ain't shaved btw his legs like gtfoh

a nigga ask you if you play w your pussy you gonna lie or tell the truth lol

that's like calling an albino a white person just based off their skin color, if their black. it's a gray area.

that doesn't make any sense.if u call a black person a monkey it's offensive. if u call a white person it's not.

at least jesus is semitic from palestine and not a white trash from boon county,usa

all these fucking problems can't let a bitch be one

if you place an egg in water and it floats, don't consume it. it's bad and should be thrown away. a fresh egg will sink to the bottom.

south dakotans can't have white privilege you dumb bitch. we are all white!

my fav thing abt criminal minds is how accurate the criminals are.... all white men

weird how everyone posting getting too sensitive just take a joke' are all white men who have absolutely no idea what theyre on about

the perpetrators are all white men appropriating either black and/or indigenousamerican cultures.

my only question is if hair has to be hidden then why don't men also wear bags over their identical hair?

i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra

i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra

they men or women?" yogi berra replied,"i don't know, they had bags over their heads."

i don't know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads.

i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra

i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra

no because why would you choose to be gay in a country where you will be killed for it

downey ca... if someone doesn't adopt this little guy quickly... he will be killed for space... a precious pommie...

don't feel sorry for this woman. she can wear whatever she wants....she might be killed for it....it's her choice??

that's what you call a bitch made nigga

he not even hood. he a bitch made nigga

listen to the bitch made nigga syndrome when niggas are raised by bitches by sixfoe on

learned to expect bitch made shit from a bitch made nigga

if you gone talk down talk down on some real shit you making things up as you go tho lol like a bitch made nigga would do.

that's not a nigga" that's a bitch made nigga w a temper ain't shit hood about hittin a female

fuck chris at the walmart off of pleasant grove he's a bitch made nigga who prolly dont suck the toes

cuz you a bitch made nigga

hes nothing but a pussy ass bitch made nigga

jeremiah luafulu such a bitch made nigga man. he said to bring my niggas, they comin.

towards her so you're the bitch made nigga for assuming your girl a snake

fuck u bitch made nigga

tonight with the dagger nice try you bitch ass soft ass trick ass mark ass weak ass dusty ass bitch made nigga

i'm a bitch made nigga

bruh what kind of bitch made nigga are you? bruh...i'm real life mad right now

he's a bitch made nigga with a period pussy

lol can't trust none of these bitch made nigga's lmfao

like it really pisses me off every time. he's a bitch made nigga that's all there is to it

this is ain't no street nigga this a bitch made nigga

i hate a bitch made nigga

wtf he a bitch made nigga for that.

thats a bitch made nigga.

he a bitch made nigga

give me a few months, i'll finally be able to accomplish what i started before a bitch made nigga came in the way

he's such a bitch made nigga. his music

y'all kno al. nigga from new orleans. that's a bitch made nigga.

sorry bitch putting your hands on a woman. bitch made nigga.

this ain't a hood nigga this a bitch made nigga

a bitch made nigga

last time a bitch made nigga like him laid hands on me he was soaked in his own blood. ladies, defend yourselves.

bitch made nigga.

yea bro this bitch made nigga talkin bout some action but im on papers i cant forget

oh hell nah that's when shit goes down no bitch made nigga gonna put his hands on me nope

try to do that to a nigga and get knock out like the bitch made nigga that you are

some bitch made nigga shit to just impress his friends smh

you disloyal fool ass bitch made nigga

man fck that bitch made nigga but i'm gettin a bottle alright hhaha

ok what's gucci my nigga what's gucci my nigga don't be cuffin these hoes u know they be choosing

its like we get nice things and we cant use it because no life faggots like you are like lets be gay and shut down psn"

because it would mean more gay faggots like you would go there

wait a second......wtf ive seen this pic before its photoshopped fuck outta here bitch

bitch trying to handle me fuck outta here

you sound like a emotional cry baby bitch. fuck outta here wit that pussy shit boi. real tawk!

nigga you tweaking im still bumping play fuck outta here

wat the fuck u talking bout? fool i mma a jag fan so how u say that? fuck off bitch!! duval love its jags!!

bitch who the fuck u talking to

shut up bitch cause yo thot ass got hella niggas fuck u talking bout

idk why that girl called scarlett bitch like who da fuck u talking to slime

nigga we can throw a strike fuck u talking....he's outta there

fuck u talking about bro that nigga swaggylluminati be killin shit

actually i told you y i ft you it was for b and geo to put it on there sc me calling u a bitch fuck u talking bout

bitch i make twice as much bitch jobs and school fuck u talking mud face bitch

woah woah bitch dont fucking put my kids in shit because we well taken care of fuck u talking abt u mad ugly

bitch wya right now fuck u talking bout

bitch but we alredy saw the pics of the bruises and btoken bones thr fuck u talking about

fake as friend sneak dissing fuck you too i never told on nigga upload something paperwork damn expose a nigga

i liked a video fuck you too bitch!

you are not fucking taking me and my younger siblings hours away from their father. you're a jealous bitch i fucking hate you.

in a room full of white ppl n some nigga shit come on the tv

i hope you stay in ptown full of white gentils but its just colors in the end like the streets be the a real nigga you are

shut the fuck up, you deserved it you bitch. it's called respect, if you don't respect them, they have no right to respect you

poor chiss he looks like a pancake

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via

i liked a video from wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

everybody that called him a nigga is shitting right now

lmaoo my lil cousin called just to tell me that he hit a mexican boy inna face x for calling him a nigga lmaoooo!! bad ass said u did

i would seriously kill him... a nigga would never

he was cool too, wish they could've give fin the force too, making him a nigga jedi

nah makes him a nigga that wants his hands to look decent ain't no clear polish though

the steve harvey jokes for me end when yall white folks start calling him a nigga... da fuq???????????

i wasn't calling him a nigga i was talking in

nope ima call him a nigga back

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

i was having a conversation with a black male and i called him a nigga i wanted to slap myself in the face

i don't get certain girls, they will go off, if he calls her the b word, but will call him a nigga and think its cool.

idc what anyone says i respect peter bc he's only doing this to these bitches because they letting him. a nigga gonna be a nigga regardless

getting am calls from him a nigga named welven was not a pleasant surprise. ugh.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via

i added a video to a playlist wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via

wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via

fuck ya feelings ain't no sorrys bitch shoot dat nigga and his shorty bitch

fuck your feelings and your sorries bitch shoot a nigga and his shorty bitch

that nigga and his shorty bitch. his shorty bitch

hit that nigga and his shorty bitch shorty bitch

it's all fun games till i that nigga his shorty bitch" and end up in prison

fuck your feelings ain't no sorry bitch. shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch

shoot that nigga his shorty bitch

cade is a fag

he a fag and the nigga recorded is a fag too.

lmao..of course not bruuh,tytan is a fag nje,outchea killing my vibe,indaba i took his girl

he a straight fag smfh. and who ever recording it is a fag too. i hate punks like this.

my girlfriend is a fag

finals mvp in your bio like you won them this dude is a fag

sucks logan is a fag"

when ur coach is a fag

is a fag

is a fag.

ard who dahell is a fag bag

katie is a fag just so everyone knows she likes to steal people's lines and then makes fun of them

all in the family england is a fag country!

fake and gay here is a major poll which one is a fag, pyrocynical or ancientreality?

brice is a fag!

sat up at :am and all i want is a fag and a large glass of

rin is a fag

is a fag."

he is a fag shout me out

that kid is a fag

god is a fag and god hates fags... does god hates hisselfs?"

jeremy is a fag but that's hysterical

don't get me wrong, izzy is a fag too but what did you expect for a guy directly

my brother is a fag

cristiano is a faggot its confirmed

thats a real girl walk u cnt practice dat obj is a faggot

indian kids say op is a faggot

john kerry is a faggot

going to bed, someone tell is a faggot.

cells is a faggot

is a faggot

that dude is a faggot too

yo favorite rapper is a faggot

indian kids say op is a faggot

disclosetvwww indian kids say op is a faggot

was the year i realized everyone is a faggot and to only care about myself pretty good year

is a faggot

womble is a faggot

lmao this guy is a faggot

bella dieguez is a faggot

if odell got that mad at dudes calling him a faggot, then my guess is he is a faggot.

good idea, you should make is a faggot" a real song. acustic song.

is a faggot

ashley is a faggot

luis is a faggot bully that got bullied when he was a kid.

trudeau is a faggot

jack is a faggot

my bby is a fuckin idiot

noah is a fuckin bitch for real

young thug is a fuckin faggot lol

cl tf kinda question is that cl is a fuckin queen

man dex is a fuckin idiot

bitch suck my dick lol atleast i show up worry about the people that don't you act as if is a fucking career.

coconut head is a fucking savage

that ness is a fucking idiot. you can use down b on all of robins specials, besides nosferatu.

oomf is a fucking pussy.

it's sad to say but my hater is a fucking nigga!! i thought it would be a girl buuuuuut nah niggas is bitches these days!

this nigga is a fucking creep

here is a nigger trying to steal copper from a powerline.and they me that they are not inferior.

rafael cruz is a liar. the media and even cuban born racist john sununu called president obama lazy and implied he is a nigger /

don't get me fucking started on y/o tamir rice. i mean, i know he was a child, but that's what happens when your nigger ass is a nigger.

what was their reaction when i said eli salloum is a nigger and then left

retard it isn't about racism although he is a nigger president do some research. he is fucking up are country and many others.

obama is a nigger!

ct says nigga who love is a nigger who die. reason heart broken love god and live for ever ask black no sin sex from her but cant lie

rin is a nigger just like u

i'm sorry i'm not a white kid who thinks that he is a nigger

guy is a nigger

i still have is a nigger' written on my arm

that's some one is a nigger as in they are a pathetic pos and nothing to do with skin color. it's almost , get with it

just lettin ya know that is a nigger lover cuck don't listen to his jibberish bout bein white pride

this gummy bear is a nigger

andrew is a nigger he won't even talk to me or any of his close friends and it's been months

for me, a nigger is a nigger. mbeki or zuma both cunts can't run this country. but jews lover mbeki his brother.

of course not he is a nigger for other reasons not over a mistake im with you deroy

saying cam newton is a thug saying cam newton is a nigger

the original man is a welcome to the nigger side.

alex is a nigger

and it's not like saying nigger in a derogatory way is exclusive to white people...there is a equivalent in every language

hermoine is a nigger now. is she gonna work dat thang on the floor?

ho ho ho! why santa is the ultimate event planner

eh i guess. she is the ultimate story of how to come up wit the pussy.

should be" by dru hill is the ultimate dirty mack anthem

you know these hoes gone talk so i know all the hoe business!

nigga know all the ends and outs

at that lame nigga you came with? he can't dance the way ya mans do!

fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch

look at that lame nigga you came with.

the fact that you pretended to care shows how much of a lame nigga you really are.

look at the lame nigga you came wit, he can't dance the way ya mans do

you a lame nigga you mad as hell my name nigga be ringing bells

if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise

if u lame nigga you ain't making no noise

i always run into these amazing ass girls when they're cuffed up like where you was at prior to this lame nigga you obsessed wit? lmao

if you fw a lame nigga you a lame bitch

i can't take advice from a female who deal with a lame nigga you're trying to tell me wrong

starin at me ta get a clear view, breakin ya neck ta get a clear view. look at the lame nigga you came wit, he cant dance the way ya mans do

if you a lame, nigga you ain't making no noise get faded, turn up with the big boys live fast that's my choice get an invoice

if you wasn't so down with that lame nigga you could be with me

if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise

if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise

if you fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch

if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise

lol bet, you lame nigga you ain't even invite the gang out there to tear shit up.

you not allowed to break up with me and still use my lingo... go talk like that lame nigga you with

if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise

you a lame nigga? you ain't with it

if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise.

when you realize the joke and can't stop laughing aka the lame nigga you been stressing

if u a lame nigga you ain't making no noise

why do people act like the new year will somehow change them? you're still gonna be the same lame nigga you were in .

if you a lame nigga you aint makin no noise

you a lame nigga. you aint making no noise

if you a lame nigga you aint makin no noise

if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise

so you going to be lame nigga you aint suppose to get tied

a lame nigga you ain't wit it you paranoid just admit it"

lame nigga you make me sick

he really tried to call my brother lame. nigga you have no goals and you're still living with your mom. calm

what lame nigga you kno say they take a to they neighbor's house answer me that he's amazing

if you a lame nigga you aint makin no noise!

if you a lame, nigga you ain't making no noise

if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noiseeeee

if you a lame, nigga you ain't making no noise get faded turn up with the big

the lame nigga you curved woulda treated you better

the kids are in there doing some kind of who can scream like a faggot the loudest group.

you look like a faggot tyson

just because you look like hollande doesn't mean you can park like a faggot.

when just you think it's okay to leave her, then later you cried out loud like a faggot for the very same reason.

like a faggot he is

maskless kylo ren looks like he's about to cry like a faggot.

me: i sound like a faggot andrew: you are one ok

you look like a faggot that has no gunskill so why you talking lol

you look like a faggot. come kiss me

understandable, now i feel like a faggot for doing that

stop making shitty songs with u yelling like a faggot and make more songs like that verse u did in martians vs goblins, shitsdope

his tweets are just him telling people how ugly they are and look like a faggot' etc, seems like a chill bro

you look like a faggot

like this if you think zack johnson looks like a faggot

i went up to my mom and said cute i wonder why none of the bitches hit me up" and she just said you act like a faggot"

lol i just looked it up, dude looks like a faggot

yo why do ypu play like a faggot?

the correct term would be justin trudeau is sitting like a faggot.

who not arguing with no chick that looks like a faggot

my mom won't let me buy this for my one year old nephew because will make him look like a faggot" smh

id prefer to be bullied for playing pokemon like a faggot tbh

ignore my tweet like a faggot

this guy is lagging and it makes it harder for me to kill him cuz hes gliching around the map like a faggot

he looks like a faggot in those boots tho

it makes you look like a faggot

now i feel like a faggot carrying this bag

i wake up with tha bong next to my bed like a true white boy

looking like a true queen

cant handle the spliff cannons. nigga trashed my washroom like a true savage

train the bitch like a true contender

im sleepy af and my mom got me doing oficio like a true dominican

slutty mature woman rides dick like a true cowgirl

bootyful mature woman rides her lover's dick like a...

these hoes act like you need them bitch i hustle from the st thew the st just kno tido make it happen

i just need you to do for me what i need you to do for me i'm come through like you need me to you hear me bitch

sounds like you need pussy

does it matter lucas is married to a black woman when theres never been one in star wars? bye simpleton

father god guide me on your path to be married to a woman that believes in jesus, is growing in jesus, finds her life your holy presence.

if it wasn't you getting married to a fat woman then don't complain.

i think they block out that the creator of the star wars has been married to a black woman for years

you do speak a lot of rubbish! i am married to a muslim do i look oppressed? get out of your white privileged bubble for a change

no comment on your advice however i am happily married to a beautiful woman and we have children.

i like white christmas and i'm married to a black woman. does this mean i hate my wife?

if a straight man who is legally married to a woman but cheats on his wife with other women every week, he's eligible?

this nigga look back at me one more time

omgg don't buck me up like that..

so after i finish rolling the blunt my nigga hit me up like yo i'm tryna smoke so i asked if he could come through and she's like yea sure

im sorry a nigga with a nub aint fuckin me up like that

people who try to make me jealous really wind me up like no, now i just think you're a cunt hehe

if you get in the car w. yo nigga and his homeboy didn't get up from the passenger seat and you gotta sit in back, just know he a fuck boy

fuck a bitch nigga and his bitch nigga

that nigga and his man snitch on me and they still trying beef with me sad part is i don't beef

never come between a nigga and his

when you in the living room and yo nigga and his boo on the couch sleep and you on the other couch like

he a fresh nigga and his girl is a barbie

i just got a headache thinkin of this nigga and his bullshit.

imma block this nigga and his foolishness

i'm not tryna deal with a nigga and his hoe problems ima pass on that

fuck a bitch nigga, and his bitch, nigga

this nigga and his k

cause is my nigga and his needs help" senses were tingling

but you think about a rich nigga and his wife. that nigga can buy her anything and she know that. it becomes pointless.

fuck dat nigga and his mama

fuck a bitch nigga and his bitch niggas

fuck a bitch nigga and his bitch nigga

fuck a nigga and his bitch cause i'm the shit.

the worst text a nigga and his friends can get

fuck that nigga!!!! and his daughter

a girl got to have understanding when it cum down to a nigga and his money

wow. lmao hell naw delete. and by delete i mean that nigga and his number.

you know when you mutually dislike a nigga and his dumb ass always end up doing something that makes me smh and laugh

ion give fucks bout a nigga and his feelings

i should have turnt it all the way up on this nigga and his dumb ass thing he calls a wife

shots for a fuck nigga and his mom if she say something

lol risha thinks ima go to indy to meet some nigga and his friend with her

this nigga and his hoes man

so come to find out this nigga and his daddy hating for what i don't know

lmfaoooooooooooooo you're delusional and a sheep because you base yourself on another nigga and his fit.

i'm just tryna make it out i aint worried about no other nigga and his decisions

i took my nigga and his bij to get an abortion back in . shit was crazy. she looked just like that. the coulda had this nigga" face.

hit a nigga and his bitch

when your nigga and his girlfriend arguing and she says: you and that nigga in the living room playing fifa"

shut the fuck up, you deserved it you bitch. it's called respect, if you don't respect them, they have no right to respect you

he has no right to slag lumpy space princess

you're a fucking sick worthless piece of shit and a perfect example of white trash you ugly bitch

each year improving on the last so my about to be dope af too each year just keeps getting better and better... so grateful

i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra

prometheus has idiot explorers in over their heads, secret traitorous plotting, and wondrous visions of the origins of life. it's too much.

it's pretty damn sad when you have to explain economics to grown ass men. simple shit like supply and demand goes way over their heads

i think any woman who denys a father the right to be there for his kids when he's trying to be a father deserves to have those kids taken

you have the right to be mad at that cuz that's accurate af.

shut up nigger

shut up, nigger.

shut up nigger

shut up nigger

shut up nigger

kind of surprised they didn't mention the racist up nigger" colombia tweets to steve harvey

shut up nigger

shut up nigger

shut up nigger

shut up nigger

shut up nigger

shut up nigger.

shut up nigger and pull ur dick out

shut up nigger

shut up nigger

shut up nigger

shut up nigger

shut up nigger

aids still a faggot disease.

you're still a faggot.

no matter how long u go the gym and how deep u try to make ur voice sound ur still a faggot like the rest of us

still a faggot. good thing you're not going to the pro bowl with real nfl players

he still a faggot tho and since you told me to really listen that time his lyrics been fishy to me

after so many years he's still a faggot

woke up, it was a new day. and guess what!? is still a faggot

justin bieber is still a faggot

i like your analogies. you're still a faggot though.

nothing, ur still a faggot

your still a faggot

he ended up getting revenge after a stray rocket hit me then the guy in chat paul said he's still a faggot to which he quit the game.

you're still a faggot

if you vape privately and only to quit smoking cigarettes i guess that's kind of ok but you're still a faggot

taylor caniff is still a faggot.

no, you're still a faggot.

you're still a faggot tho

he's still a faggot

you're still a faggot

you still a faggot bitch

he's still a faggot at the end of the day but at least he's a semi faggot in db

you still a faggot tho

still a faggot when u done

% of the time if u were a scene kid back in the day u still a faggot now. rare exceptions r made tho

i mean im still a faggot but back then i was a gigantic faggot.

happy birthday to the biggest faggot of exeter xxxx

you are the biggest faggot i've ever talked to

its the biggest faggot of my life's birthday

youre actually the biggest faggot i know but still cute

you are the biggest faggot i have ever seen.

the guy i kicked was literally the biggest faggot i've ever played with

luxray is the biggest faggot that xrays fucking play legit cunt and you are terrible.

is the biggest faggot who ever lived. he is just all talk but no walk, cuz he's too busy getting pounded by his dad.

i don't give a shit i would say sorry but you're the biggest faggot on twitter

happy st birthday to the biggest faggot i know! hope you've had a great day!

dude, that guy is the biggest faggot holy shit.

who's the biggest faggot

odell is the biggest faggot i know it's all about him and he can't even win with any class

i hope everyone know dane healis is the biggest faggot ever! i don't follow him but i hope he sees this

fero is the biggest faggot in this community, i swear.

hbd to the biggest faggot i know, congrats on the l

roses are red, the grass is green, you're the biggest faggot i've ever seen.

and you're the biggest faggot that's in california.

haha bitch i will never forgive the faggots who betray me

why the fuck do you even want minecraft in smash,that's a gay crossover if it does happen.

what a fag

what a fag

so you just reply that to everything they tweet? what a fag

fact: anything you do for your girlfriend that makes other women go"awwww" will have every man in the room thinking a fag."

lol. just like cuckthar. what a fag.

wow what a fag

what a fag lmao

a fag

jaysummy telling me he's making fake proof what a fag.. jonah why can't you be like this again

what a fag

what a fag

what a fag

what a fag do u actually pay for that lmao

what a fag

g eazy really dropped a song called sad boy tho what a fag

what a fag!!

stitches looks dumb as fuck and all he dose is get his ass beat what a fag. he should get his shit tawkin mouth sewed shut

appreciating captain falcon's manbuns what a fag.

you're so gay even gay guys go what a fag"

the particular man who inspired that tweet is also cursing loudly and followed it up by saying a fag" in reference to who knows what.

what a fag

this white bitch in the next lane textin on her ipad and driving

new white bitch in a whip that's my slave ship

i really just had to check this white bitch in smoothie king. i held the door open while i was struggling w/my umbrella didn't say shit

my fav white bitch in my header with my boo, aw

white bitch in her spandex

new white bitch in my whip, that's my slave ship

i need a fat white bitch in my life for my next bday.

now i gotta look that white bitch in her eyes

this white bitch in this movie crazy as shit

yo there's this white bitch in my class that stares at me the whole hour

white bitch in the bathroom giving head for speed

new white bitch in a whip that's my slave ship

basic ass white bitch in my boarding area just watched her dad drop his bag, didn't offer to help carry and said my problem."

i'm you're the blurry white bitch in the back

man nigga just snap chatted this white bitch in krogers to me wit the fattest ass like i'm on my creep shit bro

new white bitch in a whip that's my slave ship

bitch in the bathroom giving head for speed"

i wanna deck this white bitch in the throat

new white bitch in my whip that's my slave ship

can't kiss a white bitch in her mouth you don't know if she kissed her dog or her brother just get head from her fam

new white bitch in my whip that's a slaveship

this white bitch in gone girl crazy asl

white bitch in december

cuz said mo scared than a white bitch in tha projects lmaooo thas a scary mufucka

niggas claim to be so gangsta an be mo scared than a white bitch in the projects smh

hoodie oversized sweatpants is almost impossible for me) i'm a basic white bitch in training.

just because your mom slummed it with a colored to make you doesn't mean you don't have basic white bitch in you

just stiff armed the fuck out of this white bitch in target trying to cut by me bitch no move i ain't having it no more.

lit onision called his wife a religious white bitch" in one of his videos i fucking hate him

every white bitch in the yay

nothing makes me more angry than a entitled white bitch in my job assuming i suppose to serve her.

that white bitch in collier

black bitch sittin shotty white bitch in the trunk

and nobody punched this white bitch in the back of her fuckin neck

white bitch in the bathroom givin head for speed, boyy. don't you turn your head at me.

tell me why i know a white bitch in long beach like this

new white bitch in my whip, that's a slave ship......

this white bitch in my cousin living room like she family i think i should stand up for my family put her ass in the corner

new white bitch in a whip that's my slave ship

a white bitch in some peggings

pull with a white bitch in a black lambo

new white bitch in my whip thats my slave ship

but i bet you won't call me a hoe nor white bitch in my scary ass hoe!!!

totally just saw some stupid white bitch in bellevue nail this kid walking across a driveway with her jeep. jesus christ.

flipped off a white bitch in a mini van and when i pulled up next to her she couldn't even look over stupid bitch

hillary clinton is an old hippie hillbilly piece of white trash and she will never apologize for anything.

you could introduce a nigga to real.. and he'll still fuck wit a lame bitch

y when niggas cheat it be wit a lame ugly cum swallowing pill popping bitch wit no future clowns

my lil bitch wit a lame nigga im ashamed of her quit hittin that

you be fuckin wit a lame bitch

don't stay wit a lame nigga stop it...

she fuckin wit a lame ass nigga smfh

try tha goofy shit wit a lame low self esteem bitch.

i see you wit a lame nigga that shit get me hot"

if you fucking wit a lame nigga expect lame shit

if you me wit a lame nigga thats my driver

wen u introduce a nigga to real he shud neva fuck wit a lame

ion like a lame ass nigga so anytime you wit a lame ass nigga you gone catch heat from me. i see through people!

i heard u fuckin wit a lame nigga

i always wonder what my future wife is doing right now. she prolly fucking wit a lame nigga who still doin lil boy shit. be patient bae

room lights on along with the white table lamp to the left of the living room on right now as the whore slut away out dressed like a bitch

imagine him with the white scrunchie it would've matched his polka dot shirt at the apple music performance

the one with the white egg still showing with the yolk in the middle

dog lmao you a fag

i would've done the same shit as obj, got a field of dudes out there calling you a fag you gotta turn up

if i see another nigga talk about his melanin you a fag

you a fag

you a fag

not sure if i should call you a fag or make a rape den joke. so fuckin ambivalent right now.

i treat you a fag in public.

you a fag too

you a fag too stop

niggas out here fighting girls thinking that shit cool idgaf if you a fag or not ima beat yo ass at the end if the day you still a man

you a fag sheedy

you a fag fam follow or i stab you at school~ jt

you a fag but one of my best friends and fool why didn't you hook it up with in n out that one night smfh

you a fag

you a fag

you think the guy is lucky?? you a fag or nah

seriously, if someone calling you a fag or whatever gets to you that much, it's time to reflect on how you react to things.

the fact that you were looking at my profile makes you a fag

lmao just don't cry when someone calls you a fag

man up. jesus christ this world is getting so soft. so what if someone calls you a fag. be a man ur not gettin shot

like keith said, they both wrong. the nigga call you a fag, you gonn piss yourself? play football wtf.

i've said way worse to people on the basketball court than you a fag and i'll end your career

ur bio you a fag

listen to this skit, you won't regret it bill burr are you, a fag?"

impersonating fagets does make you a fag automaticly....

wellllll..., are you a fag?

mattie why i call you a fag bag."

i'm so pist.. you a fag

cause you a fag in real life

you a fag for that. imma tell your mom

yo bit wana fuck on a street nigga.. you a lame she dont really wana be withcha.

you a lame ass nigga of you gotta tell the world that the girl gave you head

man tweet snatching ass aw trail you a lame in this bitch

i wanna get him something but you a lame ass bitch never wanna pick up my baby shit

if i tell you what's up and you choose to be a lil bitch about it and start acting funny you a lame frfr

you a lame nigga if you let another nigga opinion of your girl affect how you feel about her

get you a lame ass girl with low hoe mileage and you win

you a lame in this bitch

cause you a lame in this bitch

you a lame if you get played by a bitch!

you a lame ass duck nigga nigga u a peon

you a lame, and yo bitch break up my weed sometimes

lmao that run thru my mind every time i meet a bitch you fine but you look like you fuck wit da enemies"

ashton from sos you idiot. has fame gotten to your head you fuck wit?

what it do baby boo you fuck wit me i fuck wit you

if you fuck wit a goofy nigga then you a goofy bitch

bet the nigga you fuck wit ain't as good as me

hate a bitch dat want da world to kno you fuck wit ha

you call and then hang up you fucking faggot

fuck you mother fucker..you assholes think you own this country..screw you fucking faggot..

you're a fucking moron all i said was it wasn't in the link i proved wrong you fucking faggot

nope i was looking more for a gg you fucking faggot

lol you fucking faggot hahahah

there was no conversation until you me you fucking faggot jesus christ exit my mentions

macchlerich!!!!! fuck everybody you just read the oldest name in the history of europe you fucking faggot

yes, that's exactly what i said you fucking faggot

yes now fucking get on you fucking faggot holy shit

sorry you fucking faggot

im ang amigenaboard oatreuoyuo fujoicsniofinsenfsnlkjrenretarded oyupieceof shbit you fucking faggot god damn everytime

why did you follow me you fucking faggot

like or fuck you devin you have like k+ tweets in total you fucking faggot

way to call icing you fucking faggot

no i didnt you fucking faggot

fuck off you fucking faggot

shut up you fucking faggot.

then open israel you fucking faggot. get that diversity right now.

you fucking faggot i miss you

you fucking faggot fuck you

no it wasn't you fucking faggot

ha ha not at the mo i aint but that cunt is a self self self look at me cunt.aint i nice..no your a cunt

cause your a cunt

if you say christmas eve eve. your a cunt

if you call today christmas eve eve your a cunt

imagine, knowing your a cunt the moment it happens.

your a cunt cal

uncle: send me your account details what was sent: send me your a cunt details

finished work for christmas happy days and by the way if you say today is christmas eve eve your a cunt

lmao your a cunt shouldn't have come into work today fuck you

your a cunt i wanted to get some cobblestone and guess what? were all out thanks x'd

sleeping pattern your a cunt. why do you keep waking me up early

welllll mate your a cunt just like the rest of them ahaha job on

mate your a cunt

your a cunt

your a cunt

told you your a cunt!

cos your a cunt mate

someone acc broke my fave heels that ive wore twice, who ever it wis your a cunt

i just want to say that your a cunt

your a cunt

cant see the problem mate, difference in opinions keeps it interesting. unless your a cunt of course lol

your a cunt

well your a cunt

if you have rip paul walker on your car then your a cunt cause you don't even no him saps

i've came to an conclusion that your a cunt too!

your a cunt.

your a cunt

will i take your christmas present back since your a cunt? yeah i will back in my pocket.

that's because your a cunt

i still your a cunt though even if you go on to cure cancer u will still a cunt never forget that hope u get the shites

your a cunt either way

i hope your family knows your a cunt

your a cunt

your a cunt

live and let live, don't have anything nice to say don't say it, don't ruin someone's day or bring them down just because your a cunt

mothers your a cunt

shame your a cunt

why am i watching a program where men get six packs biceps back shoulders and pecks surgically done, your a cunt, an actual cunt

middle to early and can't sleep, my mind, your a cunt....

me:your a cunt claudia: your a clunt

your a cunt mate

fuck outta here your a dirty hoe

your no sister of mine, your a dirty slag.

i know cause your a dirty nigga.

i'm that one bitch who will think your a dirty bitch for fucking with one of my niggas

your a dirty bitch if you try getting with someones ex when they just fucking broke up

if your reading this in the san antonio area i will make you eat a worm because your a dirty bitch and a liar

i'm not hard cuz your not sexy your a dirty ass nigger

that's cos your a dirty old cunt like steptoe not because your a jedi

your a dirty little hypocrite, you have no right to bitch about others when your not exactly gods gift

your a dirty cunt your cut

mcclean your a dirty fucking cunt

listening to a woman talk about two guys. your a dirty girl. dirty girls need love too.

should i fuck your bitch in some gucci flip flops

i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flipflops

your momma is sleep i need to find that video where he was like just fucked your bitch in some fucking polo boxers

fake goon carttoon u ah mickey mouse i got your bitch in my condo im about to fuck her now

mood: i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops

just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops

i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops

i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops.

just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops"

i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops

i just fucked your bitch in some adidas flip flops

off to go fuck your bitch in some gucci flip flops

i just fcked your bitch in some gucci flip flops

when you see your bitch in one of them durban kwaito music vidz lol

i want to fuck your bitch in her pussy hole

i just fucked your bitch in some loui flip flops

i'll fuck your bitch in my subaru.

i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops

ima get me sum bless up flip flops and fuck your bitch in them

i fucked your bitch in crocs.

too bad it probably goes off the camera roll so big everyone would be your bitch in the pin

fucked your bitch in my boots

popping bottles so keep your bitch in the crib this new years cuz we popping bottles all night and bitches after the ball drop

i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops

your bitch in the bed by me rules i don't aby em

i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops

i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flipflops

that's what you call a bitch made nigga

learned to expect bitch made shit from a bitch made nigga

if you gone talk down talk down on some real shit you making things up as you go tho lol like a bitch made nigga would do.

cuz you a bitch made nigga

jeremiah luafulu such a bitch made nigga man. he said to bring my niggas, they comin.

i'm a bitch made nigga

can't stand a bitch made nigga who be sneak dissin.

like it really pisses me off every time. he's a bitch made nigga that's all there is to it

this is ain't no street nigga this a bitch made nigga

i hate a bitch made nigga

wtf he a bitch made nigga for that.

thats a bitch made nigga.

he a bitch made nigga

give me a few months, i'll finally be able to accomplish what i started before a bitch made nigga came in the way

he's such a bitch made nigga. his music

that's a bitch made nigga, not a hood nigga.

this ain't a hood nigga this a bitch made nigga

only a bitch made nigga does this shit

last time a bitch made nigga like him laid hands on me he was soaked in his own blood. ladies, defend yourselves.

you a bitch made nigga for certain i'm a god in a world full of serpents only take a nigga life on purpose!!!

any nigga that condones this is a bitch made nigga. give a fuck who you is never put your hands on a woman.

he is a bitch made nigga, he really is a box you can tell his floor bed having ass

then you definition of a bitch made nigga.

the way he swung at her lets everyone know he a bitch made nigga

i know a bitch made nigga doing time, daddy gave you everything

only a bitch made nigga would do this.

you keep it solid, stay humble, show luv no matter if a bitch made nigga try to play you or a weak nigga try to lash on you keep faith

you ain't dating no man, you dating a bitch made nigga

you're disgusting. definition of a bitch made nigga. just for a few rts and likes, hope it pays ur bills or sum

you just a bitch made nigga wit them bitch made bitch moves u ain't go do shitt wit that bitch made mind attitude

you a bitchmade nigga

he a bitch made nigga, he coulda atleast score up wit her, let her see her ass whooping coming

reason? don't you mean recent youre studdering you call me a made nigga" you call me lol

just called my friend to cuss her out for hooking me up with such a bitch made nigga and she decided to come clean about how she met him...

he a bitch made nigga if he need people to back him up he should've have said nothing about my girl first

before they made gohan a bitch made nigga

fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch

you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise

if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise

if you fw a lame nigga you a lame bitch

i can't take advice from a female who deal with a lame nigga you're trying to tell me wrong

if you a lame, nigga you ain't making no noise get faded, turn up with the big boys live fast that's my choice get an invoice

if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise

if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise

if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise

if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise

you a lame nigga? you ain't with it

if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise.

if u a lame nigga you ain't making no noise

if you a lame nigga you aint makin no noise

you a lame nigga. you aint making no noise

if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise

if you a lame nigga you aint makin no noise

if you fuckin' with a lame nigga you's a lame bitch!

if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise

if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise

a lame nigga you ain't wit it you paranoid just admit it"

if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise

if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise

if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noiseeeee

if you a lame, nigga you ain't making no noise get faded turn up with the big

if you a lame nigga you ain't making no

i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra

i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra

they men or women?" yogi berra replied,"i don't know, they had bags over their heads."

i don't know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads.

i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra

i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra

you a faggot if you ever beeped your horn at somebody outta anger

you could introduce a nigga to real.. and he'll still fuck wit a lame bitch

wen u introduce a nigga to real he shud neva fuck wit a lame

weight loss tips: get a job at apple doing back of house for christmas and you'll drop sizes and no clothes will fit you that you own

if he fails in the music industry he'll probably get a job at apple

my nigga should just get a job at liqourama or tops to do their ads

fuck off cunt and get a job instead of trying to live off stalking famous people get a job at maccas at least lad

shut the fuck up, you deserved it you bitch. it's called respect, if you don't respect them, they have no right to respect you

america is full of white men and guns. its not full of jihad but it will be soon unless you stop muslims coming. like japan.

cracker barrel is full of white people /

fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch

if you fw a lame nigga you a lame bitch

if you fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch

fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch

if you ain't my nigga you a lame

wtf you a fucking fake account gtf and wtf is a cunt nigga? you a lame noodle booty ass nigga stfu

nigga you a lame you is not official

nigga you a lame bro i'm sleep off you

lil nigga you a lame

if you fw a lame nigga you a lame bitch

you ain't running game nigga you a lame

shout out to my ex nigga, you a lame nigga

if you fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch

lmao you don't even have a check mark nigga you a lame now and you know it you get no money that's why your bitch is leavin

i been poppin since kindergarten nigga you a lame to me

lol you takin this social media to seriously the fuck i got to prove to you with a comeback nigga you a lame

nigga you a lame, you is unofficial

nigga you a lame you is not official

nigga you a lame you can get exposed in this bitch

nigga don't worry bout me and her nigga foh nigga you a lame nigga on the rebound

nigga you a lame you is not official

babbbbbie if you still beefing over a nigga you a lame ass lil bitch i grew up outta that ages ago

niggas claim they from the hoof knowing og pops came from there you got cousins there and niggas you ment thru them nigga you a lame

you fw/ opps nigga, you a bitch i come from where the shootas

nigga you a lame you can get exposed in this bitch

nigga you a lame, you is not official

nigga you a

nigga you a lame whats a goon to a goblin

my lil bitch wit a lame nigga im ashamed of her quit hittin that

don't stay wit a lame nigga stop it...

i see you wit a lame nigga that shit get me hot"

if you fucking wit a lame nigga expect lame shit

if you me wit a lame nigga thats my driver

i heard u fuckin wit a lame nigga

i always wonder what my future wife is doing right now. she prolly fucking wit a lame nigga who still doin lil boy shit. be patient bae

fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch

you a lame bitch

if you don't suck dick you a lame bitch

you a lame bitch

fuck a lame nigga than you a lame bitch

if you a lame bitch you ain't makin no noise.

you a lame bitch

you a lame bitch

aim bitch, tried to stain bitch, you a lame bitch

you a lame bitch

guess you a lame bitch

you a lame bitch

fuxk a lame nigga then you a lame bitch

fuck a lame nxgga then you a lame bitch

that's y you a lame bitch lol

shut up you a lame bitch

fuck a lame nigga then you a lame bitch.. let me give you the game

you a lame bitch if you can't admit when another girl is bad

if you fcked with a lame nigga make you a lame

fuck a lame nigga then you a lame

you a lame bitch

you a lame bitch

you let a broke nigha fuck you a lame bitch

if you over still internet beefing trying to up" fights you a lame bitch

you fw/ opps nigga, you a bitch i come from where the shootas

fuck a real nigga it don't get no better fuck a lame nigga, then you a lame bitch

if you hit a lady... you a bitch nigga. ain't no but if....???" you a lame bitch nigga.

you fucking with a lame bitch, makes you a lame bitch

you a lame bitch.

you a lame bitch if you screenshot'n

you a lame bitch n ya friends lame too

if i can't go out the room for a min without you tryna go thru my phone you a lame bitch

a real bitch will tell you from rip she wanna fuck you. a lame bitch will lie saying her period is on when it

if you got other mfs speaking up for you you a lame bitch period

fuck wit a nigga if you fuck wit a nigga

how can you fuck wit a hoe

if you fuck wit a nigga ion fuck wit....... i can't fuck witcha

if you fuck wit a woman it's all good but if you fuckin wit a bitch you need to break ha ass den shake ha ass

i cant stand wen you fuck wit a bitch and she put damn near everything y'all do and go through on twitter that shit make me not like people

stop acting like you fuck wit a nigga for some retweets

flexin like bitch if you knew better you fuck wit a real nigga and do better

when u debating if you fuck wit a nigga enough to not slide in his bitch dms

when u debating if you fuck wit a nigga enough to not slide in his bitch dms

how you fuck wit a nigga ride fa him allll the way but can't even put money on his books

dont act like you fuck wit a nigga oh so heavy but you still doin you d, dats crazy

if you fuck wit a nigga forreal then it ain't nothing to keepin it trill

burning like after you fuck wit a straight woman.

y'all trust be fucked up till you fuck wit a nigga like me

you fuck wit a opp ass nigga

if you fuck wit a nigga you fuck wit a nigga. bitches b trying to prove it in so many ways.

i judge you bitches on the niggas you fuck wit.. you fuck wit a corny nigga bitch you corny period

when a hoe tells you wit a loyal bitch like me

that make you corny too if you fuck wit a corny nigga

fuck wit a nigga if you fuck wit a nigga

and for comments like this you can be sure to get labelled a house muslim and a porch monkey. by of course.

sally been cleaning like a porch monkey"

i know i don't i'm just a bum ass porch monkey

ugly ass porch monkey

even fucking worse!!!!! you are a fucking porch monkey with a peanut for a brain. jesus, i can't imagine how poor you are.

why are u saying that likes in front of u dumb porch monkey

is a porch monkey?

id would break you in real life also dumb porch monkey

the pretend to be liberal, but when they call a porch monkey they reveal their racism.

do you also think he's a monkey?"

this guy does not know moderation he is at two extremes; salafist extremist or anti islam porch monkey

can you fuck off..noone listen to you, porch monkey

listen here porch monkey i'm massa now

porch monkey

shut up you porch monkey lol

provide dat porch monkey wit some bananas and send him on his way he sound fool af.

shut up taneeeetha nobody gives a shit bout your porch monkey references

oh well then you look like a porch monkey

when is it a crime to say porch monkey?"

asians and caucasian win games against savage strikes porch monkey win game against striking bowlers

it looks like hillary is going after the porch monkey vote

if you haven't tried a redneck sup, now is the time. we don't know why you haven't but we will forgive you if you...

let those zombies have it in redneck vs. zombies

one more sleep and i'll be more redneck than y'all in my pickemup truck! yeehaw!!

so, my jeans and tshirt appalachian redneck style cut it down there?! haha.

because theyre hateful stupid. redneck is, as redneck does.

catch me humming redneck stomp to myself all day for some unknown reason.

redneck pony club! just had the biggest cute attack putting queenie's new saddle on her. like

redneck proud hrs everybody needs to quit bustin steve's chops, hell the country crowned the wrong president man~

and the illiterate nausea feeling triggered by the redneck vestibular system down them

a redneck is a redneck to hillary.

q: who was the first redneck in the bible? a: cain because he married his sister.

it can go from redneck women to freak hoe in .

christmas the most beautiful woman and my redneck island champion

yeah i work in faux redneck county so it ain't happening

ppl in the office planning a redneck day... a day in which they all about to dress country and talk like a redneck

redneck woman shocks a welfare worker in the office. but then her response is priceless.

no mississippi, alabama, louisiana, the redneck teabilly red states, section white gop states! charity states!

redneck roughneck noneck

another part of a redneck agenda

i corrected you because you're a dumb redneck and you said this isn't a college level essay competition, which i then /

you might be a redneck couple of you get each other's christmas gifts at tractor supply

said free water n lower elec bill. redneck. antibusiness. fb says most of the those feel it necessary

i know, you thought i was a redneck bigot. sorry to disappoint

when there's a redneck arguing with a vietnamese at the nail salon

you know you're a redneck when...

watching ridiculousness and they do the redneck segment and rob says when i think of this it's time to do my best ohioan voice. ok

i can't believe that a girl i graduated high school with is going to be on cmt redneck island!! lol

the pitiful tree, he tops his attention back to his redneck companion.

dont you love when a redneck has an ass

dont you love it when some redneck ass music thats already in your phone plays and wakes u up

wal mart in tville is like being in redneck hell. move on out rude people.

if the redneck kid next door keeps throwing that handegg against the walls, i'm going to fight him and his redneck parents

muslim family after us holiday ban no embarrassment for you mate all on the redneck yanks small minded

now playing from my audio collection: the redneck reindeer' by joe diffie

just spent minutes chasing a redneck grandma around town because she tried to ram me with her jeep. welcome to bedford.

grandmother right heck humbly each of control redneck jfk

may all of you find the strength to hold your tongue this holiday season. loose lips cause redneck rows.

oh i mean it's a redneck status symbol but it actually is a great product haha

still ain't a redneck

joe diffie leroy the redneck reindeer

open voice nyc woman files lawsuit claiming cop called her gay slur; dyke...

when your dyke friend is too real

lol bull dyke

that one time that dyke asked you to and chill"

transparent contempt for dyke culture

pps say hi to dick van dyke for me. just heard him in the studio

lady madonna black dyke band tune in now at

get the fuck over it dyke

black dyke named johntavia arrested for kicking a year old in the face in anger!

bb visits the museum! sheri van dyke ws radio

some of the houses in dyke road are close to million pounds so some properties do match central london prices

stop talking that tough shit cause you dyke bitches ain't bout that!

under tipping is by far the shittiest, low rent dyke move a man can pull.

brighton beach and devils dyke

genius is talent set on fire by courage. henry van dyke

i actually look like a dyke rn

only term i ask ppl not to call me is dyke. some people find it offensive some don't but if i ask you not to call me something, then dont

dyke gay female had did the definition get confused

i wanna meet dick van dyke so bad

you on the same level as manny fresh when it comes to transitioning into a full dyke

dyke tried to make up a new word like a stud" no bitch you a dyke

qatar could still be stripped of world cup, says greg dyke the times

happy birthday dirty dyke

he not that nigga a towel head

shock horror. muzzy cunt.

maybe muzzie women are too danged ugly.

definitely for muzzie removal

put this fucking muzzie scumbag in prison for life

the muzzie looks like a thug: british father speaks about how his muslim family was barred from going to

if you're muzzie you are) you have a lot in common with isis,

the muzzie wench that shot up california posed a threat and made postings prior to coming but she got a visa with no prob

but a muzzie can b a goat humper though right?

rotherdam has more to do with the general breakdown of family values in uk. the muzzie bastards were just taking advantage.

how is the muzzie invasion in sweden

y not a muzzie girl?

if i was her, i'd do the same in at least case, a muzzie doctor deliberately let an infidel patient die!

u can be whatever u want to be. fat and muzzie is ur choice

man vs monkey copy right battle. if monkey prevails in right to ownership we can expand that to marriage rights. muzzie goat marriage

of course not, muzzie obumma protecting his buddies

ever notice how o talks so kind about muzzies but not jews, hindu's, mormon's, baptists, etc. how come o is % muzzie

amen!! no more muzzie religious garbage in our schools!

thanks muzzie scumbags! diseases like scurvy, tb rebound in uk

they're not saying it but this was definitely terrorism and probably muzzie.

arkie muzzie couple thrown out of mall because behavior via

fuck you muzzie

yet another pos muzzie heading right to hell fast just not fast enough ban islam

muzzie in penn. gets arrested for...trying to buy slave girls!!!

muzzie in penn. gets arrested for...trying to buy slave girls!!!

must be making more little inbred muzzie asswipes like u trying on ur dad!

did you know it was a militant muzzie who assassinated mahatma gandhi?

it sure wont be a f'n moronic muzzie pos! lol!

dizzying music, camera angles and trevor howard's pencil muzzie bound to keep me awake tonight

good thats hos i kike

kike

hi kike. we are sorry for the issues you've experienced with your order. we would recommend that you con...

ok i guess you kike pikachu

act like a kike... and we treat you like one.

sho kike! me caes mal! u.u

stuani and kike look good together in a way bamford and kike never did. much success can come from this if use it wisely

spawned kike offspring. interesting.

literally feel kike im going to pass out

should boro allow kike to leave in january? i voted no in the poll! have your say:

kike adapting to the boro way, every time i see a photo of him he's wearing that tracksuit

blame that fucking kike that runs fb

kike

there is no problem in failing, no big deal kike sarasola

kike followback

so you want to create maps using drones? by kike calvo via

happy birthday kike

i wanna leave my house is kike

my mom and kike aren't even surprised that i'm awake at this time anymore.

ive been laughing at adachis dance for kike minutes

can someone tell me what r moon and sun signs kike what they represent for me

have you heard sanchez by kike sanchez iscar on

need to transfer, school called my mom tlkin bout i have to come today! fuck this fucking test kike foh

i actually had to give that guy a follow aww da efeezy kike

he doesnt say shit kike this anymore and omg imma kill someone

kike

i have diana and kike because they wok me up earlier and i've been up since

imagine if we played kike in the prem

suck dat head like a dyke

when your dyke friend is too real

that one time that dyke asked you to and chill"

transparent contempt for dyke culture

pps say hi to dick van dyke for me. just heard him in the studio

i thought it was a bull dyke !!!

lady madonna black dyke band tune in now at

get the fuck over it dyke

black dyke named johntavia arrested for kicking a year old in the face in anger!

bb visits the museum! sheri van dyke ws radio

some of the houses in dyke road are close to million pounds so some properties do match central london prices

halsey is a problematic emo punk dyke

stop talking that tough shit cause you dyke bitches ain't bout that!

under tipping is by far the shittiest, low rent dyke move a man can pull.

go lose your veeginity to some homeless dyke

brighton beach and devils dyke

genius is talent set on fire by courage. henry van dyke

i actually look like a dyke rn

only term i ask ppl not to call me is dyke. some people find it offensive some don't but if i ask you not to call me something, then dont

dyke gay female had did the definition get confused

i wanna meet dick van dyke so bad

you on the same level as manny fresh when it comes to transitioning into a full dyke

this one dyke

haha, at least i'm. it a fat lazy cunt! look forward to seeing your tweets x

i cunt envision a nudie play; maybe like: little go peepee; r snow white n the naked dwarves!!!???

don't you fucking dare use us for your political ends. we are no one's fucking personal army so fuck off you stupid cunt

disgusting, clearly didn't want you stalking his fucking family on his time off. disrespectful cunt

feelings are a cunt

it is you cunt

if it makes u feel any better i rang him and then called him a cunt and had a go at him

william hague cos he's a cunt!

you smarmy smug tory cunt.

sprinkling in cunt every other sentence

as funny as cancer' find it pretty funny' cunt.

hearing my housemate shout fuck cunt piss fuck this upstairs playing fifa. he's playing on easy just to point out.

i'm gonna go sneeze on the cunt and see how she likes it fs

cunt lol

i don't get why girls use their period and pregnancy as an excuse to be a cunt lol be like shit i'm on my period maybe i should relax"

he's a cunt

i am a happy cunt thanks

dragging mine and his mates names into it? ur a proper cunt and everyone finally knows it

biggest cunt i know, and believe me i know alot of cunts

comparing the difficulty his family have been through to watching a game of football. what a monumental cunt you are

do they know its christmas time! i've course they fucking do geldoff you scruffy cunt as they are a predominately christian nation!

fans like need to stfu and concentrate on being a doctor. fucking one balled bald cunt.

just my luck days before christmas and my bank is getting hacked some black cunt bumping my

dutch cunt

i just sent an email saying you next tuesday" and immediately regretted it and hoped he didn't think i was in fact calling him a cunt!

as an anon od some standing, can fuck right off with that bullshit the radge cunt

kinky brunette getting fucked in her tight cunt on sofa

cunt can't have fun without being drunk or drugged up nowadays

jessie rogers smoking super hot cunt

be a candy cane cunt in this feliz navidad world

its sick what has happened to ashton. hope you're happy you inconsiderate cunt

ye fuck off cunt

same you cunt

jessie rogers smoking super hot cunt

jessie rogers smoking super hot cunt

fucking tit rocking, cunt playing

when your ex is actually the biggest cunt you have ever met your life!!!!!!!!! man needs fucking help

aye he's a cunt mate

if any of you follow a person called pete barton is username is petebarton you need to report him. he's a sick cunt.

how is that covering his face hes laughing at your dumb ass hahaha start more shit over media fag

dude report the match why be a fag its a dollar

for clarity, i'm using louis ck's meaning of fag.

aww... poor fag.

need tea and a fag... with food and then all thats missing would be bae...

do it fag

swiggity swag, said the fag.

i sound so basic and stupid but i am dying for a fag

there is a new shop in huntly called the fag man i wonder what he sells

so my gramp just rolled hisself a fat off fag and is now running around my house shouting i'm smoking a joint, i'm smoking a joint'

if somebody call me a fag i'm just gone laugh at me cause i know i ain't gay

you left me fag

also the comments on here are absurd. shows how people only read headlines. the reporter is still a fag though

let's talk english itt. op is defiantly not a fag.

this fag got me in the rain

yeah i tweeted this out like an hour ago fag

what a fag

happy birthday fag

obrr office of bad rune reading uk growth estimate revised down to .% for rd quarter. soggy fag packet plan failing

girl asked me and evan for a fag in town, she looked about

come back fag

could nip out for a fag?

u gotta let go of the wolf pack vybez when u ready for settle down. if not u a fag.

love the rain, till my fag goes out.

hahah no u stop being a fag

thought you were a hipster fag? star wars is cool now so you should hate it

privacy, search it in the dictionary u lil fag

is noora is fag or not?

did you just call the lord a fag?

i'm a vsco fag follow me perryan

i wanna go on a walk, with a fag and get lost:p

i still owe you a drink for you birthday fag let's go grab a drink

good video fag

just gave my mum a menthol fag and she can't hack it loooool

you fag

coon logic continues to blow me

after st person experimented w cow milk, i wonder what animal after that they experimented w? mmm coon milk(punk band name)

this nigga is such a coon

best of : racism and public lands the case of coon lake crosscut

ablandoo coon

shut up coon

coon in the making

survey the dance hall in point of coon images per vgjl

take drew coon years to get here

peak coon

happy birthday coon all my pictures)

you still a coon who cares about your glo

my flight leaves out of terminal t however, i'm going over to d soley to hit pop eyes lmaaaaoooooooo coon me out today

make this home yours! st avenue nw, coon rapids mn open house: sunday /, : : pm

check out selenite figurine a family of raccoons little coon hand painted on a stone

will trapped his first coon the other night! he seemed more excited than he is usually is at christmass

biggest coon ever

he def gives his money to private prisons also. i haven't ever supported his ass,he's another coon

don't miss this home! drake street nw, coon rapids mn open house: sunday /, : : pm

